 #Story #Writing/PoetsLand/vignette 

I sank into the cooling bath. It was freezing, but Mother told me that it would help with my skin. When she found me there was a coating of grime and soot on my body, but now it is almost as smooth as hers though mine is not as black. It was not dark like the people in the village, instead it was a shade of midnight, like the sky fell and formed into a living thing. I think that is actually how she was born because when I asked she just chuckled and said that was just how she was born. She has a really nice laugh. It was nothing like my father's, no, Mother told be not to call that man my father anymore. I grab the bar of soap and start cleaning. I wondered what story she would tell me today. The first night I was still scared of her, so she told me the story of the old lady and the jar of honey. The few nights after that she told me more stories like that of the bird and her mother and grandmother spider. Each of her stories were different from the others, and they were all from different part of the world. Some of them even came from the Southern Continent. 

After a few more minutes of soaking I get out of the wooden tub and start wiping down. Turning around, I see how big it was. That man was large, because of that his bathing bucket was huge. I heard from some of my old neighbors that it was supposed to be for both him and my old mother, but in even my oldest memory of him washing me and my siblings, he could barely fit in there with one of us. This bucket would have fit five of him, now it is all for me. Mother said that she prefers to take a pour-over shower, so she left it for me to use. It would probably be a tight fit for her anyway. 

I put on the tunic she set out for me, it was a pretty loose fit, but she said that it was supposed to fit me even after I was all grown up. 'Kids grow up way too fast' I remember her saying as she sewed my clothes. None of my old clothes were brought here, most probably did not even survive the fire. I would not have either if not for Mother, she saved me in the nick of time. But she did not save anyone else. I asked her why later and she said "they could not see me, you, my child, have special eyes, eyes like mine." Sometimes I felt sad about my old family, but when I remembered that I have Mother now I became happy again. 

Walking into my room through the archway-like door I saw the oil lamp turned on and my bed neat and folded. It was much more comfortable than my old bed, I had to share that one with my brother. By the right side of my bed, right next to my lamp, there was a living pool of darkness that turned to look at me. Her eyes like twinkling stars in the night. "Hey darling," she purred softly unfolding her wings. Soft shades of ebony envelope me gently caressed me, leading me toward my bed. As I rotated in her embrace, she used her other wing to pull down the blankets. After placing me down she covers me back up, she asked "You ready for your story?" 

"Yes!" I answered enthusiastically. "What is it going to be about today?"

"Tonight," she corrected me with caring eyes. "Tonight is special, this story is about you and me, but they are still going to be animals. Can you try and guess who is who at the end of the story?"

"Okay Mother, I will do that!" I exclaimed as I got more comfortable in my bed. She put her wind over me as she started speaking.

"In a forest long ago there used to only be owls and crows which ate mice. The owls were always the smartest and quietest, they set traps and caught the rodents. The crows were the cunning ones. They would wait for a fox or wolf to hunt a big beast then scavenge their prey, yet they still had a thirst for mice. For the crows, mice were the only thing they could not get, so they envied the owls for catching them so easily. The owls, ever wise, did not seem to mind as the gazes of the crows. After all, it did not matter to their hunt. 

"One day, a lone crow was out scavenging. This crow was not very good at it though. She was so bad in fact that her partner left her with his baby, can you believe that? She had to find her own food, and she had to do it fast if she wanted to protect her egg. Yet it was not food that she found, in a small red juniper tree, nestled between its branches, sat an egg. This egg was not like her own, small and weak, this one was large and sturdy. Though she had not seen one before, she knew exactly what it was, an egg of an owl. 

"'Owls were strong' she thought. 'If I had an owl on my side, I could get all of the rodents, I would not even have to worry about getting food.' But she could not find the food for even herself. How could she find the food for both another crow and an owl? She could just break open the egg and eat the owl. That would give her enough energy for the next few days till her egg hatches, then she could join the other crows in her scavenges. She could also take this back and eat her own egg, though that would not give her enough time for this egg to hatch, she did not need to protect an owl's egg in a crow's next, everyone would think that was a trap. But she was greedy, she wanted both eggs, she wanted to have her child and weapon too. 

"Then she came up with a clever idea, one that could rival the owls. She took the egg and went to a nest, not her nest, but that of her neighbor's. They were a loving family with their chicks already nestlings. They already reared two generations and were considered some of the best hunters. Seeing the egg they were surprised. 'What are you doing with an owl's egg?' asked the father.

"'I found it abandoned, so I am taking it in,' she responded. 'If you can help me get food for it and my chick I will refund all of what you had afforded me.' It was not a hard choice for the couple. An owl could get several mice a day, and all of their children were about to be able to hunt for themselves, just one of them going on the hunt while another scavenges can feed two other families. They agreed in a few seconds. For the next days, she did not even have to move as one of the couple had brought her all the food she wanted, even after her chick hatched. But one day, one of the couple did not come. The crow was confused, her chick could be safe even with her not there now so she decided to go to their nest to see what happened. She saw that there was only the mother in the nest with her chicks. 'What happened to your husband?' she asked.

"'he went to the hunt, a wolf got him' the wife lamented. 'It is only me now, I cannot feed both you and my own family, I am sorry.'

"That was a lie and the Crow knew it. The wife was the most sought after young woman for marriage. She could hunt for a full family even without the wolves. The Crow did not mind though, she already got as much help as see needed. Or at least that is what she thought because in the winter there was a storm. The worst storm she had ever seen. This was after the owl had been born. They were huddling together for warmth. The owl was still a fledgling, but it was the size of its mother. The chick of the crow should have learned how to fly by now, but it was not able to. It was deformed by not having its mother's warmth while it was an egg. The Crow had a choice to make once again, but this one was easy. The chicks were hungry, if she were to feed the owl to the chick, it would grow strong and she would have more food to eat right now, but the mother thought for the future. If she fed her own child to the owl, the owl would survive the winter and be strong, she would become the strongest crow in the forest and pay back the couple. So she fed her child to the owl. 

"After that day the owl grew stronger and stronger, until it could hunt. The Crow had the most mice in the entire village. The wife came back to ask the Crow for what she owed her. The Crow said 'I have given back everything I owe. For the first half of my egg rearing you did not help me in any way, then suddenly in the second half when I found the owl you decided to give me the food that I should have gotten in the first half, until one day you decided you did not want to. Actually it seems you owe me another half, my son will claim it now.' She beckoned the owl to come and eat the wife. The end. Can you guess who is who?"

Still stunned from the story, it was so different from the stories she regularly told me, I answered softly. "You are the mother crow, and I am the owl?"

"You had the first one right."