	#Mini-Essay #Worldbuilding/Consept #Writing/PoetsLand/vignette 

I would have never imagined hell to be so bright. In the vast desert in the West, there is nothing but sand and mirages for miles. A man can spend his entire life trudging through the scorched wasteland and not find anything on the other side. They say in the past it used to be a lush jungle, but now the only lush things there are the clothes of the travelers. I was one of these travelers. The locals told me that it was tradition to wear colors that contrasted with the sands, so I would get noticed by others if I were to get heat stroke or pass out due to dehydration. I agreed, even though those could not happen to me, and where I was going, there would be no one to help. I wore a goat-hair headwrap, my feet clad in leather shoes which were awkward to use, and a long, wrinkled, light green robe with an accompanying weathered, dark-green cloak. I was a beacon of color in a yellow, almost white, expanse. In my first few days of the journey, I found a few people covered in vibrant colors; they had all lost their camels or run out of water and expected to die. All of them were surprised to see me going in the opposite direction from them without a camel and barrels of water with me, and all of them were surprised to hear why I was going so far North, to look for a tree.  

Rumors passed through my town like the breeze through a windmill, coming one way and going slightly altered. Most pass from relevance a week or two after the merchant who told it leaves, but there is one that has stuck from before I was born. Some people with malformities have supernatural abilities as an apology from the gods. It stuck not only because it was pleasant to think about and tell your "unique" children, but also because it was true; I was one of them. Well, the supernatural abilities are true, I do not believe it was a gift from the gods, but rather them laughing at us. My teacher was one of these cursed people, too. She was a beautiful lady with auburn hair and hazel eyes that darted around like she was focused on everything at once. She had one of the most miraculous powers I had ever seen. If she had ever gone to a location, just by thinking about it, she could teleport there in the blink of an eye. She could not walk. She had legs, but her mind seemed to treat them as useless slabs of meat. She did not let that stop her, though, as she explored dozens of dangerous locations, even more so when I joined her, but she could not join me in this one. Her three-wheeled chair would not be the best fit for the sands, and she did not have my ability. My curse is the same as my blessing; I could not feel anything, whether it be pain, frostbite, hunger, or love. Though this does not mean that I am immortal, as a kid, I chopped off my finger trying to cut wood. I do not know what scared my mother more, my missing finger or my uncaring attitude. I can still be burned or die of blood loss, but luckily for this adventure, I was not damaged by heat or thirst.

"Ever heard of a tree in a desert?" questioned my teacher one day. I shook my head as she continued. "One of my old colleagues, you know the one who can see the most dangerous spot in an area, went to the Western Desert recently. He wrote to me that he saw a giant tree in the middle of the desert. Want to go?"

"The last time he told you something, I ended up in the belly of a whale," I answered.

"What you can feel fear now?" she jokingly retorted. "It can't be that bad, you are perfect for this, who else in the world doesn't need water and doesn’t mind the Sun?"  

I signed, once she has an idea in her head, she has to get it completed, or she cannot rest. Which means I cannot rest. "Still no feeling, thank you for asking. When should I start?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"Now!" she answered gleefully. "I can get you to the nearest city; it should just be a short three-week walk from there."

I stare at her. I cannot even get a camel because of how far that is; there are no watering spots or plants for it to eat. This is going to be tedious. Before I am able to stand up and get packed, she speaks up again. "Wait for a second," she says as she disappears for a few seconds and returns holding a box. "Open it."

Inside there was a wooden box, glass frames, a fabric cloth, and wooden legs. It was a camera. "For you to take a picture of the tree," she said. "You better bring it back in one piece, it cost all of the money from our last two adventures to buy."

Nearly identical piles of burning pale sands under a bright blue sky were all that lay in my vision. The winds have been sanding my ears for the past two weeks. I should have had a week until I reached my target, but I found it earlier. That was my first warning. The monotony of the desert winds was broken by a very faint sound coming from in front of me. I could barely hear it due to my now tattered headwrap covering my ears. After I lowered it, I heard the distinct sound of leaves rustling and wood creaking, immersed in one of the only things I could feel: surprise. I ignored my second warning. There were sounds of stifled yelps and moans. I ran up the tallest dune in front of me to get a better look, and I pulled up my spyglass to see the greatest discovery of my life. In the distance, there was a colossal tree whose branches spread out enough to cover a small town. Its leaves were a bright shade of whiteish-yellow, almost perfectly matching the shade of the sand around it. The most surprising feature of it was that it was moving, much faster than anyone would expect a creature of that size would move. It could cover its body length in a matter of seconds. Its swaying branches created wind I could feel from here, at least a dozen of those things away. It did not seem to be shaking or moving up and down along with the dunes. Yes, it was giant and I was far away, but if it were walking, it would have shaken even if only a little. As I was thinking about this, I put down my backpack and started taking out and assembling my camera. It must be moving under the ground and pushing the dunes out of the way. Lying down on the platform, I started thinking of what could push it that fast, then I realized that it must be the roots that push it through the sand. *Does it swim like a jellyfish in the water, or like an octopus on land?* I thought as I set up the stand and focusing hood. As I looked at it through the camera, I realized that it would blur because it is moving so fast, so I waited, and as I did, I began thinking a bit more about it.   

For a plant to grow, it needed three things: sunlight, water, and soil. This did not make sense in this area, yes, there was a lot of Sun, but too much, and everyone thought that plants were green because that allows them to take in the sunlight. This one was the color of the sand. As I thought that, it stopped moving, knowing it may start again any minute, I started taking the picture, hoping it would sit still for a few more seconds. Then I realized, it seemed to be growing bigger, wait no, it was getting closer, my final warning. Then I had the thought, why would it have the colors of the sand, camouflage? What would it need to hide from? What could attack that thing? Then I paid more attention to the sound, the leaves and wood moving would be able to reach me this far away, but what about the cacophony of screams... 

The reason that the beast needs to move, the way it can survive here, the reason no one knew that it existed for so long, the reason no one ever went this far into the desert and came back, and the yelps are because it feeds on flesh, and now it was coming for me. A thing of that size needs a lot of food, food that is not in this area, which can only mean one thing. It makes food inside of itself, and I did not want to find out how. I rushed to get my camera back together, the picture was taken, and I was not going to leave it here just to be crushed by the cyclopean roots of that thing. I can hear the yelps more clearly now, which is funny, as that is exactly what I ignored in my fascination with the "tree". I knew I was not escaping the abomination. It was a few minutes away from me, and I was a few days away from it. My best hope was to get eaten by the beast and find a way out without it noticing, or not get discovered in the first place. Putting the camera bag to my side, I started digging into the side of the dune, hoping that it could not "see" me if I did that. It was surprising that it could, though, as it did not seem to have eyes. It was sort of majestic.


It was so close that I could barely hear the sounds of sand blowing anymore, but that was ok, as the sounds of its leaves were all I needed to hear in my life. I felt at peace; it was the first feeling I had in my life, but it was all I needed. Except there were two other feelings, one of wanting to see the tree in all of its glory, and the other of missing something. I clawed my way out of the sand and stood up. The canopy was above me now, and the underside of its leaves was like a second desert above me. The chorus of yelps and screams of pleasure rang in my ears like my mother welcoming me home. After she was gone, I did not have another female presence in my life, but now there is the tree. *So she does move like an octopus,* I thought as she used one of her smaller roots to pull me into a gentle embrace, crushing one of my ribs as she did so. My backpack is making me uncomfortable; I should have taken it off beforehand, at least my camera bag was lower, so only its straps dug into me. I could take pictures of her beauty to immortalize it! There are knots in her branches where some of the sounds are coming from; they look almost like cages, actually more like rooms. Most of the sounds were coming from where I was going, though. 

I was rushed toward a burrow between the start of two of her roots, the floor being made of dozens of shifting smaller roots. Smaller comparatively, as they were still the size of steam engines. I rolled ungracefully onto the floor, landing flat on my back. The first thing I noticed was the smell. For the inside of a flesh-devouring tree, she smelt very nice, like vanilla and jasmine, but very soon it became overwhelming. I realized that I could not smell anything else aside from that, and it was making me very hot in my clothes. Looking around, I saw the reason why she sent me in here and the reason it smelled like that. There were dozens of beasts and animals of all kinds in here, breeding, there is no other way of describing it. There was no love, no connection, just a way of creating offspring. Just a way of getting pleasure. Just meat slapping against meat. Just a way of giving more food for the tree. For a second, I got out of my trance, now disgusted, but then I saw the woman walking towards me. She was nude, sweaty, but I could not smell it. She was the most beautiful person I have ever seen, or was she? She had conventionally unattractive features, and it felt like I was forgetting someone else who would be more alluring than her. It was the first time I felt this way.

I had gone to brothels before, and someone told me reluctantly that it may cause some feelings to form in me. It worked partially, to the point where I decided to go as often as I could. Staying with those women made me feel something, regret, shame, or was it guilt? Either way, it made me feel something, which was better than feeling nothing. The lady reached to hug me with longing in her eyes, and I wanted that; I reached closer. I did not know why I felt that way when I lay with the brothel women. I might have known in the past, but now I do not know. She reached her hand down, and it grazed my side, which made me realize I was still wearing clothes and that I had my camera with me. The camera was given by my teacher. I realized why I felt that way with the women in the brothel. With the tree letting me feel, I felt love for the first time. Not with the woman wrapped around me, but the one I left back at home. The one I left at night to feel something, even if that feeling was betrayal. I was a terrible student. 

I reached down, avoiding her hand, into my pocket to get my pocket knife, one she told me to always keep with me. Pulling it out, the first thing I did was apologize and thank the woman on me in the only way I knew how. I stabbed her in the neck and twisted. In the moments before her death, I saw her face: shock, realization, disgust, fear, shame, and finally relief. As she hung limply in my arms, I laid her down to rest, covered in my cloak. I gripped the knife tighter; I started to realize my feelings were disappearing again. I was truly the worst student, partner, friend to have, because I wanted more, because I couldn't know I wanted more, and because I would not be coming back. I put the knife to my neck and cut, knowing... 

*At least it wouldn't hurt.*