#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-25]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[French-Indian War]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Nibkil]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[Sci-fi Worldbuilding]]
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Finding Roots]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Kendrick made you think about it, but he is not your savior  
> Cole made you feel empower, but he is not your savior  
Future said, "Get a money counter", but he is not your savior  
'Bron made you give his flowers, but he is not your savior  
He is not your savior
> — Kendrick Lamar, Savior

## Classes 

### US History 
We learned more about [[Jamestown]] and the [[Mass Bay Colony]]. We also learned about the [[French-Indian War]].
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We looked at [[1.5 hapc.pdf]], I have to do the homework. This was about [[Multiplicity]], [[Imaginary Numbers]], [[Long Polynomial Division]]. [[Remainder Theorem]], [[Rational Roots Theorem]], [[Synthetic Division]], [[Polynomial Inequalities]], and the [[Quadratic Formula]]. In total, all the skills of [[Finding Roots]].
### Advisory
I just read. 
### Astronomy 
We had a new notes packet, this included questions, I need to review on [[Moon#Phases of the Moon|Moon Phases]]. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-26

Today there was a ritual, so I did not get to do a lot of things. Yet I still finished all of my tasks, it only took me till 10. I realize that every day there is a lot that I am learning by doing this. School having review as a first unit allows me to write down previous knowledge while still feeling like I am doing something. I hope by at least the time I end my schooling, I get most of the things I know in here. I do not feel like organizing the notes I took right now, I honestly do not feel like doing anything. I am just going to write this, add an extra hundred words to I can get my word goal, and sleep. I read the novice packet stuff, and I have realized that I have slowed down a lot in speaking. I hope that it does not take me long to speed up again. I should start doing a drill a day, so that I can get more practice. Yet again I see the things I have to do in the future, I feel that I spend more time organizing them then actually doing them. So if I have time tomorrow, which I will not, I will do those. The reason I say I will not have time tomorrow is that I will be at debate till 5 at least. I may even be there till 7. And the day after it is till 5. So it is truly annoying that I have signed up to do so many things. But then again I like doing them. I think having a nice long nights rest will do wonders for my mental health. But the school starts at 7, which means I have to get up by 6, that is going to be very fun. 