#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-21]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Puritans]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Eclipse]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Mayflower]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Green FN
> — Author

## Classes 
### AP English Language Arts 
Today was Picture day. It we only had a reading test, it was saying things like, which one is a car?
### US History 
We did more work, it was still mainly on [[Jamestown]], but added a bit more on things like [[Puritans]].
### Spanish 2 
I gave her the markers, we did some vocab and reviewed [[Spanish Conjugation]]. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We did a part of 1.5
### AP Physics 1 
We did an [[Acceleration]] lab with a rolling ball, not done yet, I will put it here after I finish. 
### Astronomy 
We watched a crash course video and then he gave us time to do the vocab. 
### Advanced Debate 
Did a lot of discussion about the tournament schedule, [[Affirmative]] should be done by Monday. 


<hr>

# 2025-08-22

I am writing this pretty late. I did not do session planning today, it is the one thing I did not do. Though I have some good ideas. I think tomorrow I will have to finish the session planning, research the colleges, and cut some Aff cards. I know that I said I will test out Linux, but unless I am about to do all three of those things in a single pomodoro session, I do not think I will do that. Yeah I tested out the Pomodoro method, I should probably make a note on it, but it is going pretty well. Well it did for the things I wanted to do. The thing I did not, plan the session, I did not get started on it. I think I will just relax tomorrow and do those three things. All the others can wait for later. My dad came back today which was nice, I thought he would have been there for a full day. The lotm episode was good today. It was picture day a school and I completely forgot about it, though I think it ended pretty well. I think tomorrow I need to actually do stuff, which it feels like I am scared to do. 