#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-12]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
Even if it’s meaningless, some things still ought to be done.
— Klein Moretti, Lord of Mysteries


## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
Nothing really happened, just icebreakers and getting to know the class. There will be a lot of writing but not a lot of reading. 
### US History 
He just talked about a flexible mindset, I am not impressed. 
### Spanish 2 
It is a small class, did nothing today, but it will be fun. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
Explained the things that will happen. We are looking at the AP Pre-Calc curriculum. 
### AP Physics 1 
Did a logic problem, Already got an assignment. 
### Astronomy 
Talked about himself the entire time. 
### Advanced Debate 
A lot to do in here. 


<hr>


# 2025-08-13

School was nice. I added the class description to daily notes. I actually have things to do in debate now. The first thing I need to do is get a plan of what he is going to do. I want to make a quick QR code for people coming to practice nights. I honestly forget what I am going to ask him. I will remember tomorrow. I am starting to see a new side of school that I have never been near. It seems that there is really no teaching in the regular classes, or at least that is how it seems. I also have to see what the supplies are going to be. I think most of this stuff I can do while in school. That is one good thing with taking easier classes, I get a lot more free time. When I actually start learning things in school, I think it will be better, it will actually be necessary for me to write things down. I have a logic question tomorrow, it is hard for me to explain it if I do not understand it, so I will have to be very vigilant about that. I do want to do more writing. 