#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-01]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Verifying Trig Identities]]
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Augurs]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[A 8.3.25 Rough]]
> - [x] Add Old Note from other Notebook Here [[What I Use My Phone For]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The slow sword penetrates the shield.
> — Frank Herbert, Dune


<hr>

# 2025-08-02

I think that I am ready for dnd tomorrow, I will have to see how it will go. I have written today, I have not gotten to my goal, but I will get to 1000 words, which is good in my book for just coming back. The camp went fine today, I am thinking of hosting it till the first tournament starts. I think the day after tomorrow I want to get some writing done. I have not had a good workout in a while, I should do that. I am going to get a locally run ai model to put into Jester, it will take me a while to get it all figured out but I think it should work fine. I downloaded a music player which I think I like, so tomorrow I want to do some speed programing to get that up and running with downloading all of my favorite albums and making a website that can play my dnd soundtracks infinitely, unless I can figure out how to do that in the player. I think having my favorite songs in there just in case I am not connected to the internet is good. I am slowing distancing myself from being tied to the internet which I think is good. 