#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-14]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[ANWR]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Affirmative]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The joys and pains of days past are equal to the me present 
> — Aurore Lee, Circle of Inevitablility

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We did book speed dating with several. I want to get to reading Red Rising after finishing the book I have started. We will do the One Word on Monday
### US History 
We learned why we should learn about history.
### Spanish 2 
We reviewed Spanish by playing games. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
Had a sub so we just did review work.
### AP Physics 1 
We looked over the packet and worked in groups to make sure we had it correct. 
### Astronomy 
We answered the other ten questions and he went on and on about the formation of everything, which is good because at least it is astronomy. 
### Advanced Debate 
Did more maintenance while also getting an idea for an aff. I would like to do research on ANWR to see if I should continue with the path. 


<hr>

# 2025-08-15

Debate is going well. I have gotten an idea for what to do with it. I want to organize the notes to make them easier to use for me. Now that school is starting I am realizing how much I have to add to this notebook. It is that feeling again of not wanting to do things I want to do. It is pretty small right now. Judging that I have nothing to do for the next two days I think I will get that in order. I need in incorporate some things I can do in school into my system. I sometimes sit in class with nothing to do. I read the book I have with me, but I want options for when I don't want to do that. Something that is not online as a lot of my teachers seem to be the type to make a scene about using technology. I truly have gone off the deep end. I was just joking at the start, but I spent more time figuring out how to take notes correctly in school than actually taking them. Creating that new sort this folder will hopefully help me get past the me not wanting to write stage. 