#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-28]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[Mother Horse Eyes]]
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]
> - [x] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> _a unite a stage a coup a revolution a bring a genocide a new world a_
> — Mother Horse Eyes

## Classes 
### AP English Language Arts 
We wrote about our essays and submitted it. We also have to take notes on [[Rhetorical Analysis]]
### US History 
Had a test, that was about it.
### Spanish 2 
We did a kindergarten assignment for drawing what we like. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We had a test, it was not that hard. 
### AP Physics 1 
We had a test and an AP question. I have to do those small assignments. 
### Astronomy 
Nothing, completed notes, I have to add the definitions. He got mad because a few people talked. 
### Advanced Debate 
Have to do a lot of stuff. 


<hr>

# 2025-08-29

School was a bit less tiring today. I think tomorrow after I get home from the road trip I will do some homework. During the road trip, I would like to get some dnd planning. I look at my organization system, and I just want to fix it. Even though I think it is mostly fine. Rough is as it should be, I still need to work on those. Ramblings in not enough to warrant organizing, areas is fine, worldbuilding it a bit wonky but it is ok. Resources is the only one that sort of yucks me out but it is not really anything to fix. It is just as it should be. I think I will try out Linux on of these weekends. Depending on how much I get done, it might even be this Sunday. I feel it is really annoy when teachers give a lot of homework over the weekend, but that is what most of my teachers do. I will just have to bear with it for a bit, but it would be nice. I would like to keep using this todo list, but I have realized I am already treating it as a dump. That is slowly changing though, so that is good. 