#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-20]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Jamestown]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Earth's Revolution]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[Humans as Locations]]
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Equinox]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Some Author that I have met with compares a judicious traveller, to a river that increases its stream the farther it flows from its source, or to certain springs which running through rich veins of minerals improve their qualities as they pass along.
> — Abigail Adams, 19 January 1780 letter to John Quincy Adams

## Classes 

### US History 
We went through a slideshow in the class about why Europeans went to the [[New World]]. Before that we went over our slideshows. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We had a review lesson [[1.4 hapc.pdf]] about [[Polynomials]].
### Advisory
We had a talk at the PAC, the sports head got really pumped about not wanting to get second again. I read the book afterward. 
### Astronomy 
We learned about the night sky by taking notes. It was mainly definitions like of [[Eclipse]]s and the such.

<hr>

# 2025-08-21

Crazy thing, I actually got all of my tasks done! This is what I should be doing every day. I can feel that I want to get more done too. This is good. I added a background to my notes, I do not know if I will keep it. I like it right now, but that might change in the future. I am trying to minimize distractions while I am working. I also feel like I have downloaded spyware and boot onto my laptop when I downloaded OneNote. I created a system where I can put all of my notes into this by having another folder for school. My dad is going to St. Louis to see my cousin. I still have not made the session plans, I have to get to that, unless I can find something to do tomorrow, that will be my main priority after coming back from school and doing my notes of the day. I also want to complete my aff by the end of the week. Nice I also got to my writing goal today. I think I can keep this up, well if I do, I will be really happy. Knock on wood. 