#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-10]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [ ] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[O 8.12.25]]
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Murphy's Law]]
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The revolution is about to be televised, you picked the right time, but the wrong guy.
> — Kendrick Lamar, Super Bowl


<hr>

# 2025-08-11

I am writing this in the middle of writing the session. I know I am finishing it today so I know I can just note that down. I really did not feel like I did a lot today. I am trying to get my schedule figured out, hopefully it gets done by tomorrow. I have been sick today so that was kind of annoying. It is sort of hard for me to focus right now, but that is ok, I should still be able to write. I "made" that audio player, I just typed in a prompt to AI and it did it for me. Honestly it is enough, but a part of me still wants that perfect app. I think it will be something I slowly work to. I just realized that I did not need the ribbon. I think I will slowly start moving out menus. I am getting faster at automating my work, I think at this point I should start telling myself to work more. Especially with school starting soon, I need to step up my game and actually start taking notes. It should get easier to take and keep notes when school starts again, I know that is kind of counter intuitive, but it is true. After I get my schedule sorted, I will create a template for my classes I can put in my Daily notes so that I can keep track of what I learned in that day. It will also help me write that stuff down in this notebook.