#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-06]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[The Great Game]]
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Transmigrators]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge  [[CSS]]
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Life is not measured by time, it is measured by moments. 
> — Frieren, Frieren 


<hr>

# 2025-08-07

My cousin "fell down the stairs", I am pretty sure he got punched. Either way we will be going to St. Louis tomorrow. My mom said to not bring my laptop over there, I will try to convince her, but I do think it might be a bad idea too a little bit as things are stolen there. Does not stop me from trying though. Just in case I will back up all of the things on this laptop on a hard drive. I did not read today, I did not feel like it. I wanted to do more writing, but I can see myself getting more and more distracted. Maybe the phone is the problem. I tried once more to make that perfect app, this time getting closer than ever, now calling it Tachyon, but still failed. I honestly do feel like giving up on it, but the urge to make everything the same keeps me going. Maybe ricing Linux will give me the same feelings and I will do that instead. I downloaded chrome to act as my grammar editing minion, but revising by hand still seems to be better. I need to make the session for the Orsian guys. After everything at the start of school settles down, I will figure out what to do with Linux.