#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-26]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource[[AP Lang Test]]
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]
> - [x] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Killing for good is like fucking to be virgin 
> — The Yard Dnd EP 4

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We looked at other people's [[AP Lang Test]] essays. Next class we will grade our own. 
### Spanish 2 
More vocab. 
### AST
I just read. 
### AP Physics 1 
We did [[Kinematics]] problems, he explained when to use different equations and I have some work to do as I did not finish it in class. 
### Advanced Debate 
Planned for several dens. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-27

I did a lot less things today at home, I am mainly trying to take this day as a rest day. Debate is going well, though as always it is a lot. I see that I have not organized, to me that symbolizes that I am ready to continue doing things, which I am not. Like being honest it feels hard writing this right now. I just want so rest, though rest is not what I have. One of these days I will be able to just sit down and do nothing, a week day is not one of those days. The things I have to do are just piling up. I would just like a day with no distractions where I can just complete everything and forget about everything else. I have not felt this way before, I really do not know what this feeling is, my normal methods of dealing with it are not working, the other ones I do not have time for. Those are going to the gym and taking a nap. I hope with time this will sort itself out and I do not have to put special attention to it. I think it is just me being actually exhausted or in a slump.