#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-13]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Arctic Topic Lecture]]
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The first thing you have to sacrifice to move forward is your old self
> — Some TikTok

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We started the one word and he explained the syllabus. We will only read 2 books in class. 
### US History 
Spent the first half of class talking about growth mindset, did a presentation about myself
### Spanish 2 
Got the notes, its a lot, looked at the syllabus.
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
Got 2 giant packets, one for notes, the other is assignments. Tomorrow she will not be here so we have a Delta math to do. The notes packet is due next week.
### AP Physics 1 
I have to finish the packet today, there was a get to know you I finished. There was a logic puzzle in class. 
### Astronomy 
Had 20 questions about space, got through half of them. 
### Advanced Debate 
Have to do a topic study, talked with him about things to know. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-14

Yeah school is hard. I feel like my classes go from me learning things to me sitting doing nothing. I will have to start doing something in those classes unless I want to feel empty. I have this weekend free, I think I will figure something out to do in those classes. I need to clean my desk by the end of the weekend. I want it to reflect who I am as a person, same with my room, and it is not doing that right now. There are a lot of things I want to do, but a lot of them I just don't. I think I will try to separate myself from watching videos that do not impact me in any way. I have time in school, I should use it. I look at my notes, and I want to organize them again, even though I know that they are already pretty well organized. I think if I have access to my laptop I will clone my notes and pull them whenever necessary, then on a different file started changing things about them. I should be able to write just to write if I do not have access to it.  