#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-24]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Deriving Kinematics Equations]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Semos Varks]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[On Friction of Daily Tasks]]
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[DIDS]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
>  Design your life to minimize reliance on willpower.
> — BJ Fogg

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
Looked at [[SPACECAT]], which is a way of [[Rhetorical Analysis]], but more in-depth. Next class we will use it on the writing we did in class. /We also learned about [[CER]]
### Spanish 2 
Got to LF2, it is still words about what makes you happy.
### AST
I did nothing, just doom scrolled. 
### AP Physics 1 
We learned about [[Deriving Kinematics Equations]], and looked at our acceleration lab, which I finished after school. 
### Advanced Debate 
More information about the tournament schedule. I will have to work on my [[Affirmative|Aff]] while my partner works of the [[Negative]].

<hr>

# 2025-08-25

I did it, I did all of my tasks today. Even after spending way too much time on physics stuff. I had a really interesting lesson in physics today, so I spent most of the day trying to derive the equations we use. Even with that and a few glitches on my writing tracker, I still got my goal words per day before even writing this. I would like to continue this train for at least this week, but we will see how tomorrow will be. I am just giving myself more work to do, which I would like to think is good, but I see that there are things that are just not being done, but would just take not even half a day to do. I think one of these days I have to do that. I like how this notebook is going so far. I will have 2 more physical notebooks to work with after tomorrow, though I do not know what I will do with those. I might just use them for my writing heavy classes like physics and lang. I do like what I have going right now, with this being my main hub, and having several smaller notebooks laying around to do what I want with them. I think tomorrow I should take notes on what I do to focus.