#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-05]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource added AP Physics Unit 1 info into [[Kinematics]]
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[ACT]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[Ch 1 Pitiful Miracle]]
> - [x] Add Old Note from other Notebook Here [[HTML]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]
 

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
> — Kendrick Lamar, mortal man


<hr>

# 2025-08-06   

I told you I would do some writing today, and I did. School is about to start and I am pretty excited for it, I have an idea of how to type in everything that happened in school with things already in the app. If I just write down everything I learned by like having a template I can add in my daily note or do something with templater to make it possible, I can link with existing and nonexistent files. This will also provide me with more knowledge to add to this notebook. The hotkeys are really working out for me right now, I am just running into glitches with window, but its windows of course it is going to have glitches. I am going into making the other app right now, of course I am not making it, it is AI, but who cares, I am the only one that will use it. I am calling it Cassus, which is a misspelling of casus which I got from casus belli, but who cares, I can just make the UI say something different in the future. I know that it will most likely not be close to as good as obsidian, but it will be good enough for me incase I want to do something with it. It will have AI features, which is really all that is missing from obsidian right now and there are already workarounds for it. 