#Writing/PoetsLand #Rough 

Thump! I woke up to my head hitting against something hard. Still dazed and confused from recent events, I opened my eyes to see the glass I bumped into. Behind it were trees and foliage passing by; a sound of turning wheels and galloping hooves echoed from below. The previous me would not have recognized this sound, but it was very familiar to me now. I saw a reflection of a tan, scrawny boy with messy, ashen, brown almost blonde hair with a barely visible jawline and a small nose. He, I, had striking, bright orange eyes that seemed to glow. The rest of my body was hidden behind smelly and weathered rags that were once clothes, and a cloth blanket laid over me. It was surprisingly easy to get used to, from the memories of the body I could tell we were around the same age, 22, but one could not have guessed. My old body with its unkempt beard and potbelly seemed much older, but this one did not have a single beard hair, a bit of fat, or muscle. I would probably have to show id every time I had to go into a pub, but I guess it is not something I would have to worry at this time. 

"You awake?" questioned a hoarse voice from behind me. I turned my head to see a woman wearing a black cloth jacket with red accents over a black shirt with a stripe of red on her collar. She had jet-black hair with dull brown eyes giving me a bored look. Her pale appearance extenuated her beauty, though in my head all I could think was 'city-girl'. A part of a shattered memory fell back into place as I remembered a couple of girls wearing frilly dresses of vibrant colors in a carriage snickering as I tried to talk to them. 'I did not seem to have a way with women' I joked internally. The lady crossed her left leg over her right, which she was able to do as she was wearing dress pants, a rarity in this time where women most often only wore dresses unless they had to go horse riding. 

"Who are you?" I croaked, the first time I used my voice since coming to this world. It felt weird speaking in a language I never learned.

"Doesn't matter," she remarked. "What's important now is if you know how those people died."

"Claire," a voice from my left scolded softly. I turned to see an older gentleman wearing the same uniform as the lady, Claire, sitting beside me. He has wavy, messy grey hair, and the same brown eyes as her. 