#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-07-26]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Unit Circle]]
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Pusher]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [x] Add Old Note from other Notebook Here [[DM Screen.canvas|DM Screen]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Writing is how we think our way into a subject and make it our own.
> — William Zinsser, Writing to Learn Ch 2


<hr>

# 2025-07-27

I did more than I expected to today. I went to the college lady and did some planning, it is going well so far. I then talked to the laptop repair guy, I will most likely not get this laptop repaired and just sell it to get a better one. I have not written the fable yet, I do want to do it though. I think I realized why I do not keep up with my todo lists, I stop respecting them so I stopped thinking about them. I think I will try Emacs one more time tomorrow just to see how it goes. I also need to look for laptops to get, I do not need a graphics card yet so I will just get a decent one that is slightly better than this one. I might even get a ThinkPad. I like the pace I am reading at, I do not know if I would be able to do the same for story books but these none fiction guide books seem to be my style right now. I will most likely get another one like this after I am done with this one as I think I would very much enjoy taking off all of my sticky notes and entering them into Obsidian. That seems to be a common thing I will be doing from now on, and I do not really mind it.