#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-07-19]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk
>- [x] Physics 
> - [x] Book Notes
> - [ ] Gym
> - [x] Writing

%%
> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> See a lot of y'all don't understand Kendrick Lamar  
Because you wonder how I could talk about money, hoes, clothes, God and history  
All in the same sentence  
You know what all them things have in common?  
Only half of the truth if you tell it  
See I spent twenty-three years on this earth searching for answers
> Till one day I realised I had to come up with my own  
I'm not on the outside looking in, I'm not on inside looking out  
I'm in the dead fucking centre looking around
> — Kendrick Lamar, Ab-Souls Outro
> %% 


<hr>

# 2025-07-20

Today is really something, I still have not written the session. I will have to do that tonight. What I did do though, is to put all of my vaults into one mega vault. This is now truly my [[Book of Knowledge]]. The graph view looks so much better now. I have run into a problem with syncing with my Mac, but that is very fixable by just uploading after I have written everything using a GUI with the website. The organization system in this may be lacking, but I think that is ok because I have a search feature. It will only like a few hours and some brainstorming to figure out how exactly I should organize the tags. I could also make folders like I did with the main folder to make everything easier on me. Now looking at my graph, I can see all the work that needs to be done to make everything to what I actually am. It is not a second brain yet, though I see it forming. I would like to see it start connecting at some point as right now their are a bit unorganized and all over the place. 