#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-09-30]]

> [!habits] 
>- [ ] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [ ] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> God is dead!
> — Neizche 

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We wrote an essay.
### Spanish 2 
We started on the 3d city project. 
### AST
Did not do much.
### AP Physics 1 
Looked at test. 
### Advanced Debate 
Started turning my [[Affirmative|Aff]] [[Soft Left]] and learned about [[Framework]]. 

<hr>

# 2025-10-01

I have to remake the aff. this is going to be slightly difficult, especially in such a small time frame, but it is more than possible. If I have it done by tomorrow, my partner will be able to test out reading it and see if we have too much or too little. I like this so far. I am thinking of making a dream journal as I have a lot of weird dreams sometimes and I want to put them into the things I create. This will give me the perfect excuse to do that. I forgot how much I liked typing. I can keep doing this for days. I do want to get a lot more stuff done, but that should go one step at a time. I will take my headphones to school tomorrow as I think they will be great for getting focused and locked in. I can use Bluetooth to connect to my phone and wired to connect to my laptop. I just have to see how to fit it into my backpack. I did not do a lot of things today, but it is okay because I did what I want to today. I am thinking of changing what the habits are as most of them I do not do and I am trying to slowly incorporate writing back into my life, not all at once. 