#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-10-02]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Note 
>- [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [x] Read 
> - [x] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> As I get older, I realize life is perspectives. 
> — Kendrick Lamar, The Heart part 5

## Classes 
### AP English Language Arts 
We played the vocab game 
### US History 
We had a test I almost aced 
### Spanish 2 
We worked on the city project 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We learned about [[Inverse Functions]]
### AP Physics 1 
We started working on more [[Dynamics]] stuff. 
### Astronomy 
We had a test I think I did well in. 
### Advanced Debate 
I worked on my [[Affirmative|Aff]].


<hr>

# 2025-10-03

Okay, I think I can keep up with this schedule. I am writing this with a quarter till ten. I have a lot of time and a lot of ways to use it, none of which I will be doing. Why? Because I have a tournament tomorrow and I need my rest. The time after I am done writing this will most likely be me mindlessly rolling around in my chair or doom scrolling. If I feel like it, I might watch one of the two tutorials to things I want to learn how to use, or even write. That is a lie, I will not be writing any more today, I already wrote several blocks, I do not feel like doing more. This tournament will be fun, I do not think I will lose all of my rounds at this one, but who knows. I forgot how much I liked doing this, I see why I stopped, but now that I have picked up the habit again, I will like to keep doing it. I looked at my "old" writing, I still think it is pretty good, I guess more time will have to pass, but it seems good so far. 