#Writing/PoetsLand 

'Someone is watching me'. That was the first thought in my head, followed by the scent of burning flesh that tortured my nostrils. In front of me, there was a mass of charred meat that could barely be identified as a pile of humans. Scorched bones laid underneath red-hot tendons; the only barrier separating one man from another was the ashen, putrid skin, seconds away from liquefying and joining the blood and pus that was already leaking out.

I tried to look around, but then I was bombarded by the cacophony of whispers ringing in my head. It sounded like hundreds of hoarse voices of… Me? The rational part of me said that it was not my voice, yet for some reason I thought it was. There were hundreds of "me" whispering in different inflections and tones, like they were trying to imitate other voices, yet I could somehow identify all of them as mine. They repeated the same words, over and over again, but I couldn't understand what they were saying. I knew the language, Spearian. Wait, no I didn't, but it felt like I did. I felt my head splitting apart as memories of herding sheep, tripping on stones near a river, and celebrating with a family not mine started to flood in. I clutched my head, trying and failing to soothe the pain. As my hands cradled my temples, I realized that these were not my hands; they were far too hard and flaky. I brought them closer to see them. They were skin and bone with singed fingertips, overgrown or bitten fingernails, veins jutting out like vines, and calluses covering them, a heat map of activity, but that was not what surprised me the most. In my right palm there was a wiggling, pulsing, pitch-black mark. It looked like several worms dancing under my skin now trying to join the fire in front of me. 

"Gyles," I heard a man to the left of me say. I looked at him to see my father. That is not my father; he died years ago, yet I believe him to be. He was grinning ear to ear, never before had I seen him this happy. 'Never before had I seen this man,' another part of me thought. He called me Gyles, that's not my name, it's… Why could I not remember my name? I was not able to continue that thought as I saw my not-father clutch his right arm and grip it hard. His knees buckled, forcing him to the ground, revealing the same mark I had on his palm now facing up toward the fire. He kept a smile, face inches from the ground, as the worms formed a symbol of a flame made of two pulsing and moving curves. A second later, the mark burst ablaze, quickly enveloping his entire body in scorching flames. His linen shirt and eyes were now almost completely torched, yet he seemed unfazed, standing back up and walking toward the flames.  

I didn't want this. I didn't care whether he is my father or not, I was not going to watch an innocent man die. I tried to run and stop him. Yet, my legs seemed to slip underneath me. I remembered hundreds of experiences of the same thing, me tripping on air and seconds away from eating dirt. This time it was different, I heard the whispering louder the closer I got to the ground, seven words. After a dry thump echoed in my ears, I faced up to check if I still had a chance to stop his demise. As I did, bile filled up my throat from the horrific sight of the bodies and the putrid scent, a lot worse near the ground. The whispers roared in my head, crushing my heroic thoughts of rescue as my palm started to burn. Would I be next? I was about to die without understanding the hell of my final moments. Then I realized that I could no longer sense my arm burning, did it singe my nerves? No, I looked down to see my palm, callused and crusty with no mark in sight. The whispers settled down to a comparatively manageable level. Did they save me, or were they singing for my death? I looked to see my father, now inches from the pile, his flame joined the others; his eyes evaporated leaving windows to his bone and spewing gray matter, yet he kept smiling as he said something. It was the same language as the whispers, but I could understand it. 

"I'm glad," he said as he fell into the inferno of flesh. The moment he did, the flames erupted and grew as tall as I could see into the night sky. Then suddenly, they collapsed into a ball the size of a coin at the top of the body. It was like a second Sun right in front of me, till it expanded into the shape of a person. The man covered in flames shone. The night, once illuminated by the flames, was now illuminated by this man alone. Even after he consumed all the flames, leaving behind a naked adolescent man sitting on the top of the pile, it seemed as though he shone brighter than the fire from before. I tried to look at him, but all I could see were the facial features of a person and nothing else. I could see he had eyes, I could not tell what color, and the same with the rest of his body. The only thing that told me he was a man was the memories of me worshiping him in a shrine with my family. He stood up, every motion causing wet noises from the pile he stood on. This revealed that he had no genitalia, or if he did, he did not allow me to see it. The whispers started getting loud in my head again, threatening to split it in two. The man looked down at me, now seemingly floating.   

"Pitiful miracle," he stated as he extended his arms to the blue moon and lifted his head, turning into a blazing ball shooting toward it. My headache subsided, but the smell did not. It seemed that the fire was protecting me by evaporating most of it. I vomit, covering the ground i white and green liquid. As if that were not enough, the whispers blared in my mind again, resulting in me starting to lose my consciousness. The last thing I remembered was the wet pieces of my last meal rubbing against my hair.
