
Ouch! I woke up to my head thumping against something hard. Still dazed and confused about all of the pervious events I opened my eyes to see what I bumped into. It was glass, past it there were trees and other foliage passing by, a distinct sound of turning wheels and galloping hooves emanated from below me. It was a sound I would not have been able to recognize before, but now I was not certain who I really was. This was not helped by what I saw in the reflection of the glass; a tan, scrawny boy with messy brown almost blonde hair with a barely visible jawline and a small nose. What was most striking was his eyes, bright orange, almost glowing and would be mistaken for an owls if they were the same size as ones. The rest of my body was hidden behind a cloth blanket laid over me. _This is me_, I thought now coming to terms a bit more of my predicament, from the memories of this body I was about the same age, 20, though while **my** old body with its unkempt beard and potbelly seemed to be older this new one with not at beard hair in sight and not a bit of fat, or muscle, I could see on it projected an image of a younger man.  

"You awake?" questioned a hoarse female voice from behind me. I turned my head to see a woman wearing a black cloth jacket with red accents over a black shirt with a stripe of red on her collar. She had jet-black hair with dull brown eyes giving me a bored look. Her pale appearance extenuated her beauty, though in my head all I could think was _city-girl_. A part of a shattered memory fell back into place as I remembered a couple of girls wearing frilly dresses of vibrant colors in a carriage snickering as I tried to talk to them. _This body does not seem to have a way with women_, I thought jokingly. The lady crossed her left leg over her right, which she was able to do as she was wearing dress pants, a rarity in this time where women most often only wore dresses unless they had to go horse riding. 

"Who are you?" I croaked, the first time I used my voice since coming to this world. It felt weird speaking in a language I never learned.

"Doesn't matter," she remarked. "What's important now is if you know how exactly the people died in the village."

_Straight to how_? I thought. It is pretty reasonable to assume she is with some sort of law enforcement or detective company that was sent to investigate the fire last night, which I assumed as it seemed to be pretty early in the morning and for my own sake, I hope I did not sleep for more than a day. I would have assumed that they would start with a what or a when. A good detective would be able to know about what time it happened by taking reports from other local villages, I remembered ours was pretty close to two others, but they did not ask what happened. They did not assume it was just a fire, I mean all of the bodies were stacked up, and though the rest of the town was burning, it would be crazy to think a whole town could light on fire at the same time. So these people know what happened, which means they know more than me, but they do not know how it happened, so I could be able to exchange some information. 

I said these people as while I was lampooning how to answer the question in my head, I observed a bit more of my surroundings and found an old man sitting beside me. He had curly white hair that was slicked back with two strands laid over his face which was chubby, but looked like it was well kept. He had the same uniform on as the woman, the only difference being a black glove he wore on this left hand. his cloudy blue eyes gazed gently at me then turned to the woman.

 "Irene," scolded the old man in a soft tone. He gave her a look of disapproval which looked like a father scolding his daughter. Which I would have thought would be the case if not for them looking completely different. The woman, Irene, lowered her head in apology. The old man turned back over to me and started to speak.

"I apologize for Irene, she is still new," said the old man looking at me with pity. "My name is Martin Stanley, and we are from the Redglass Society." Irene seemed nervous as he said this, though the man, Martin, did not notice or did not seem to care as he continued. "We explore some of the paranormal cases in this area along with other teams." Irene's face seemed to morph from nervousness to confusion as he kept talking. "We came to your village after we got information about a rapture that took place here." It seemed at this point Irene could not hold her confusion in any longer as she blurted out. 