---
Status: Finished
MediaType: Book
Rating: 5.3
Author: Ayn Rand
---
#Writing/Mini-Essay #Report/Book #Ela/Classic/Modern 

[[Curiosity]] is both a blessing and a curse. Equality, or [[Prometheus]], the main character of Anthem by Ayn Rand, exemplifies this saying. The character’s innate curiosity gets him in a lot of trouble in his world, where curiosity is almost completely forbidden. He has the drive to learn things and go outside the boundaries of society. Which makes him an interesting character. In the future, his innate curiosity could take him in several different directions. He could lead an [[objectivist]] society or let the power get to his head and become a dictator. Prometheus, unlike many people in our world, has the direct choice to affect the development of his society.
Though I have severely different circumstances, I can connect to his curiosity. During the lockdown when no one went to school and there was no education for a long time, I found myself going down rabbit holes online. My curiosity allowed me to gain more intelligence when it was not being handed to me by school. With a lot of time on my hands, I found myself learning about several different and specific topics, including the career path I would settle on, astrophysics, and several random trivia facts about games. Though there are differences between my curiosity and Prometheus’s, he would look through texts to help himself, and his community, or learn about the world. Mine were mainly how this works, entertainment, and how to get something in some games. Though we both show intrigue and curiosity, how we go through the process and what we learn is drastically different.
Without curiosity, our world both in real life and in Anthem would not function. Curiosity is a natural constitution of humans, and intelligence is gained from it. Without innate curiosity, the first man would not have discovered the flame. Every single invention and innovation in the world was a cause and effect of curiosity. However, it was established a lot more directly by the world in Anthem, both the real. world and the world of Anthem hare processes widely used to get rid of curiosity. Many people think the education system is just trying to create mindless worker drones for the government, but this is nothing compared to Anthem. From birth, children are thought to be the same and curiosity is directly punished, everything must be for the greater good of the community, This is what their society is based on, collectivism. The real world is significantly different from this, the world is trying to make sure that curiosity stays intact. In conclusion, intelligence and curiosity are traits that everyone must hate and keep, even if other people are trying to take them away.
