---
Status: Finished
MediaType: Book
Rating: 7.8
Author: William Golding
---
#Report/Book #Ela/Classic/Modern 

## Megalomania and the Thirst for Power
The disease that leads to wars throughout time and the deaths of millions is one that all humans are born with, megalomania. This thirst for power is in many different texts, including texts from Hindu mythology, Ravan was a king who was corrupt with power, killing everyone who disagreed with him, while Ram was a king who used his power sparingly and only when it was necessary; even though they were born under the same conditions, Ravan eventually lost to Ram because he had that overpowering hunger (Ramayana). Tales of a corrupted thirst have been told throughout history, yet people do not learn the lesson they teach. Power through thirst will corrupt, while power through vigilance will prevail.
In the classic novel Lord of the Flies, William Golding provides several examples of how power corrupts people who do not treat it with the respect it deserves. In the book, the boys have two leaders, Ralph and Jack, who oppose each other in their ways of leadership. Ralph is thrust into power with no thirst for it, while Jack, on the other hand, wants power. When Ralph becomes the island leader, Jack keeps the choir in his leadership, even if it ensures further turmoil. This is not to say that Ralph is the best leader, he is still a kid and acts like it, “You voted me for chief. Now you do what I say” (Golding 81) he thinks of himself as the one and the only power on the island that really matters. Even though he knows the responsibility of this power he sometimes lets it get to his head. This is still better than Jack, who never understood his power even when he was stronger than Ralph; he uses the mask as a barrier that stops his conscience from going through and rendering his actions.
A real-world example of corrupted power is the Stanford Prison Experiment. It showed that when people are pushed into positions or are forced to act in a specific way, they do so, The guards are forced into a position of power; some of them do not respect this power which leads them to abuse this power to attack the prisoners (Zimbardo) they also made their own rules which were beneficial to them but not the prisoners. This directly corresponds to what happened with the boys on the island, “I got the conch” (Golding 90) the boys made their own rules and standings to improve communication in the assemblies or give the big kids more power over the small ones. The littluns seldom get the conch, meaning they have little to no power on the island. They just become the pawns of the older kids and have to do their bidding most of the time. This is like how the prisoners must do things that cause mental turmoil. Both things test the limits of human empathy and show the extent of the wretched things a man can do.
Power must be obtained through vigilance, or else; it will lead to megalomania. This hunger for power can range from a need for complete dominance like Ravan, or just a need to be above or have more power than others like the guards in Zimbardo. People have made several stories and tales about this thirst, and Zimbardo proves humans have an innate urge to gain power. However, when a person with a large amount of this thirst gets power, they end up throwing things into chaos. The greatest of leaders must have the least of avarice.
