---
Status: Finished
MediaType: Book
Rating: 7.6
Author: Franz Kafka
---
#Report/Book #Ela/Classic/Modern 

In the short story The Refusal, author Franz Kafka creates believable characters through an isolated historical setting. The story takes place in a small town far, far, far away from the nation’s capital, and from what they call the frontier. Though this town is isolated, the everchanging government still has an iron grip on it, like a farmer herding sheep. They do this through one of the most complex characters in the story, a man named the Tax Collector. He used to be a colonel in the military but now stays in this town, like an old herding dog that only wants to sleep, he seldom uses his power. He only used his power when his grandchildren were lost “This colonel, then, commands the town”(Kafka 2). Though the story does not tell what he did, it is implied that somehow the colonel stopped the town in its tracks just to find his grandchildren, like a dog barking at sheep. The only other times he uses his power is when he stands in for the government in a delegation. The job he has to do is to see if a petition could be passed “The petition has been refused”(Kafka 4) is what he said, and almost always said. It is as though even if the capital constantly changes, this town does not, this town can always expect a refusal from the colonel. Even a simple request is refused, which brings an interesting theory: what if the capital wants him to refuse everything? Though this is only speculation, it seems the colonel only accepts petitions that would not include the capital in any way, like they do not want him to include them, so the colonel must continue refusing all things. This may even be the reason he grew tired of being a puppet of the capital rule. Still, he continues doing so; the herding dog cannot listen to the sheep, for it must listen to its owner. 
