## Tags:
#Daily

__Yesterday's Note:__[[2025-06-29]]

# 2025-06-30

I think the longer I am here, the less work I do. And I am ok with it. Tomorrow I start with the habit tracking and that is going to help. I will be writing tomorrow, or you know, finishing lotm. It is getting so good and is about to finish that I do not want to do anything aside from listen to it. I realized that I was saying things I will do in the future. I think that I stop doing habits after I let myself go. I need to not do that. I went to the gym today but it was not a good workout. I want to do a lot of things, but this time, it is not that I do not want to do anything, but that those things cannot be done at the same time. For example, I want to start writing in the [[Book of Knowledge]] but I cannot write will listening. I have around 10 hours left in the audiobook, and I believe I can finish it tomorrow, though I do not think that the map will take that long if I were to use the timer. I do not want to be overwhelmed by things to do. I just realized that I have not been connecting my thinking, silly me I should have done that. Why do I ask questions I know the answer to? I did it just now, I think I do it to get an understanding of what I am thinking and think of myself as cool. I was about to give up on this too. The moment I loosen up, that is when I slip and never do it again. Maybe instead of giving myself such high requirements or things I do not want to do, I should do things I want to do. They would definitely help a lot though I do not know everything I want to do.