#Worldbuilding/Character 

In my old world, I wasn't good at many things. My mother would pester me about not talking to girls, and my siblings would call me a tree hugger. The only one who understood me was my grandfather, who, in his own words, "didn't like those newfangled flintlocks," and he taught me everything I know about survival and the crossbow. After he died, I decided to leave my family. I had just become an adult; I don't know when or what day, but sometime in the next week, I fell from the tree I was sleeping in and broke my collarbone. Without a way to hunt or even reach my traps for food, I died, bow still in my hand. 

That's when I awakened in a forest I didn't recognize, and the air smelled weird. I wandered for weeks, but the animals there were not the same as the ones from where I was from, and there were beasts. I could even hear snickering in the woods. With nothing to do and no place to go, I kept wandering. On my travels, I came across an injured green and gold owl. Its orange eyes pierced into me, looking into my soul; we were two forgotten travelers. We decided to travel together. The owl taught me the basics of magic, allowing me to uncover my hunter's mark. It also taught me its language, the language of giants. 

We lived in the forest for years, until one day a group of adventurers (the party) found me speaking in a language neither I nor Barny understood. After helping them with (insert random quest here), they asked me to join them, and so I did. They taught me a lot about the world, and I discovered I came from a different world, the biggest difference being the one thing they couldn't teach me: magic. As I traveled with them, I learned Common and, somehow, on the path, I also learned some Goblin. 

One time, when they were in a bind, I had to save a town all by myself, mowing down hordes of enemies. I gained a new skill from this experience that allowed me to analyze many groups of enemies. We gained a reputation in this town for being heroes and adventurers, so we decided to make it our home base. It's a quaint town that has a guild, which borders on a much bigger city. But the one place I find most important in the town is the library. 

There, I learned many things, from the world's history to its culture, and I also met her. She was a mage, and she was beautiful. Selene taught me many things about magic, helped me bond with Barny, and taught me spells. Our relationship was flourishing, and she gave me a bracelet that swapped the positions of Barny and me as a gift for the mission we were about to undertake. I think I will confess my feelings after this mission is over.
