#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-07-29]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Inverse Trigonometric Functions]]
> - [x] Gym 
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[A 8.3.25 Rough]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[The Crow and the Owl]]
> - [x] Add Old Note from other Notebook Here [[There are No Tombs in the Desert]]
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> If you go hard enough left, you'll find yourself turning right.
> — Doc Hudson, Cars


<hr>

# 2025-07-30

Yeah so it is a bad idea to write about self harm, especially in a school laptop. Now the school might think I am the new Barnes, which I do not want. Aside from that I did finish the story, which did feel do to finally do. I want to debloat all of my devices to get a nice clean feeling. When I go walking tomorrow I think I will take the Camcorder and a notebook with me to just note down things. People were right when they said we would constantly change everything about your theme every other day. That is exactly what I am about to do. I wrote a lot today, though it was not on the fable, but rather on the upcoming session. I have a lot to do, all of which I want to do, the problem is that I want to do all of it at the same time. I no longer want Emacs, I relay on my graph too much for finding missing notes and self confidence that I do not think I can go to a software without it. I think I might change the font as it seems too cartoony right know and I do not like that. I want some serifs in my text. I honestly might switch to times new roman.