#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-07-18]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk
>- [x] Physics 
> - [x] Book Notes
> - [x] Gym

%%
> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
>
>At the end of the day I don't think worldbuilding  is about being the most original, it's about being intentional, being deliberate with what  you create and what you choose to include in a world. Borrow from what moves you and  build upon what resonates, but shape it into something undeniably yours. Infuse it with  your own voice, your own vision. That way, when others step into your world, they won’t just see  echoes of the past, they’ll find something fresh, something that sparks their own imagination.  And perhaps, in turn, they’ll take a piece of it and use it to create something newer still.
> — Rick's Creations [I Reimagined Elves...](https://youtu.be/VZIwWawhSdI?t=1372)
%%

<hr>

# 2025-07-19

So I did a few things today. I added a quote of the day thing because I keep finding good quotes which I wanted to keep, now I have a place to put them. I also used AI to make the book report for today, I sort of felt bad about it, but then again there was nothing interesting about what I picked. I cleared my Chatgpt chats and am using it in the notebook so it is easier for me to ask it for words. I think I want to switch to Linux, I feel that I am ready for it, but first I think I will give away all of the tech first and ask them if it will do anything. The debate camp went well, I have a good idea for my aff. I did not work on dnd, that is something I have to focus on tomorrow, I called it. I think I will drink some coffee and finish it, I feel better about it know because I realized that I can just shut up and write. I will have to see if Neo Vim works on my Mac, if it does then I can make it easier for myself by using an obsidian plugin. I started writing little vignettes of the world. I think I can use them in the book, if not I have those small things I can use whenever I want. I am thinking of maybe just moving all of my notes into one notebook. By having several big folders I can link in between each of them and not have to worry about things being not organized. Knowing myself, I will probably spend some time one day making sure all of the formatting lines up. As of now I think I will think about it and see if I can see any downsides. Tag folders will be really helpful. 