#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-19]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Affirmative]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Lain]]
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)  [[The Last Thoughts of Martyrs]]
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[King's Accomplice]]
> - [ ] Read 

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Can you?
> — I Am Robot

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We wrote an essay in class today, it was handwritten and from the AP test. It was [[Rhetorical Analysis]] about a letter. I wrote around 2.5 pages.
### Spanish 2 
We learned more vocab.
### AST
I worked on the Hapc algebra review. 
### AP Physics 1 
We did more work on [[Kinematics]], specifically looked at Excel and did the understanding assignments. 
### Advanced Debate 
We had elections today, I got president, though it was close. He also explained new concepts about [[Affirmative]]s.

<hr>

# 2025-08-20


I did not do all that I wanted to do today. That is ok, but I should do better. Yes, technically I was only one away from completing all of my goals, but after talking to my friends the entire time, I was not able to get even close to finishing the session planning. The lock in effect seems to be fading, or it just did not work for dnd planning. I think I should have breaks in between drastically different things. I cannot do debate in the same wavelength as school or dnd stuff and vice versa. I think I should be going to sleep a bit earlier, for the sake of myself. I really want to keep making those characters, I think the only way I can make better characters is making characters over and over again. I should watch a video about making characters and write my own notes. I did a mini-essay after a while today, I think I can get used to doing those; it was pretty fun to write. I realize that there are a lot of things within the Rough folder that I have to do, but I just do not feel like doing them any time soon. I am already swamped with all of the activities I do, I think those should be started when I have free time. 