#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-18]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Concavity]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Average Rate of Change]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Domain]]
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The confined Quincy King regains his pulse after 900 years, his mind after 90 years, his strength after 9 years, and the world in 9 days.
> — Bleach

## Classes 

### US History 
We had an activity about learning vocab. This was by creating several things, like comics, playing cards, or in my case, doing a short story. It was hard to fit those into three sentences, but I was able to do it. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We learned about [[Concavity]]. We went through lesson 1.2 and 1.3 which I was able to finish with time left, so I worked on debate. Speaking of which I was able to give him the form. We also learned about the [[Average Rate of Change]]
### Astronomy 
We did some basic things like how the Earth moves. It is nothing I need to take notes for, though I should start writing notes on astronomy as there is a lot to write. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-19

I realized that I did not make a lot of characters in the campaign, and it does not feel good inside. So I think I will start making those characters with those powers so I will not feel that way anymore. I did a lot of things today for not having any time at home. School was pretty fun. I am starting to make better and better systems. Obsidian bases came out today, I have been looking at that, it is pretty nice, I think I will have a lot of fun with it. I realize know that there is a lot of things I want to do with my writings that I am not doing. Instead I make excuses or half kept promises with myself to do them later. I want to start putting in more work to do that, instead of making one character note per day, it takes like two minutes to do, I will do several, at least till my hour is over. Having that hour time limit is really something, because not being distracted is hard to do, but when I get locked in, I can do a lot of things. I want to continue these feelings tomorrow.