#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-03]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource
> - [x] Gym 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [x] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) [[The Crow and the Owl]]
> - [ ] Add Old Note from other Notebook Here 
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity.
> — Terry Davis, Creator of Temple OS



<hr>

# 2025-08-04

I want to create an app that can do everything I want in one thing. This feels like a generalist thing so it will be worse than having everything in separate apps. Actually now thinking about it. That is exactly what is going to happen. I think I should instead make everything in different apps and make all of them have corresponding themes to match. That is just ricing now that I think about it. But if AI is building it, there is nothing really that I have to do aside from just follow its instructions. It is really everything that I would want. I think I will try it tomorrow, I have nothing else to do, aside from going to the dentist, which is going to be pretty awkward as I have not been flossing for a bit. It should be fine though. I downloaded AutoHotKey which is pretty good. My number pad is now a launcher. I can add even more by adding control or shift to it. Looking at my apps is making me realize that I do not use my laptop for a lot, but the stuff I do use is very deep in. I have finally finished the first draft of the Crow and the Owl, it is not the best, when it get to it in my book I will take a look at it again and make it better. 