#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-08]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The Fool who does not belong to this era.
> The mysterious ruler above the grey fog.
> The king of yellow and black who wields good luck.
> — Cuttlefish, Lord of Mysteries 


<hr>

# 2025-08-09

I am back. I did not write yesterday and I almost did not write today. I don't really know how I feel right now, I have a lot to do, but I do not want to do any of it. More accurately, I do not have the energy to do any of it. I think I will take it slow for a few days. That is a lie, I know I will be jumping in head first tomorrow and hoping I get everything done before I go out to buy things for school. I think switching to Linux, or at least dual booting for a bit will help me with my slog. This is not even writers block, more of my mental state not being well enough to do something. I think I need a dopamine detox or something similar as I cannot find myself doing something otherwise. Thinking about it more now I see that the world is truly trying to take advantage of our brains just to get more money. I want to do things tomorrow, I want to be able to write without staring at my phone. I will try to go without music, though I do not know how well that would go. The habit tracking is seeming to help, though I have not been going to the gym. That might be a weekly thing at this point. 