#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-17]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[Rhetorical Analysis]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[ASPEC]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [x] Add Previous Knowledge [[Scalar and Vector]]
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The witch of thousands can cast a thousand spells, grant a thousand wishes, and appears every thousand years.
> — Witch Watch

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
Learned about [[Rhetorical Analysis]] and did the One word essay, which I did not finish in class but instead after AST. 
### Spanish 2 
Reviewed things from last year and started the new unit.
### AP Physics 1 
Did a lab comparing cars which travel different speeds and learned about the intro to [[Kinematics]]
### Advanced Debate 
Did drills for defending [[Card]]s. I talked to him and need to send a post in the band to tell people about it. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-18


I did a lot more things today. I think tomorrow I will be a able to finally check off everything on the list. I should get back to watching anime, it is really fun. I should not focus on taking notes, yes I like doing it and it is good to do, but I should focus on learning, then recalling everything. I did not do everything I wanted to do on the today listing, but I will tomorrow. They are just a few things that should be done. I feel really happy today. I think going into deep work and getting everything done is a thing I should keep doing. If I can manage to do that everyday I should have a lot more free time to do everything else. I was able to write what happened in two hard classes in less than 15 minutes. I do not know what I will do for Spanish, I do not want to have the entire language in this notebook, but it would also be helpful. I think I should think about it more. I want to try and get homework done the week I get it so that I do not fall into the late work trap again. 