#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-09]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource
> - [ ] Gym 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [ ] Read

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> One chapter today, three tomorrow. No I will not read this one chapter but will wait for the three chapters to come, this is my Supreme act of Defiance.
> — Shadow Slave, Reddit 


<hr>

# 2025-08-10

I was outside the entire time and am getting nothing done. I might get writing done tonight. I got some hoodies and clothes. India fest was pretty fun. I got three campus notebooks for school. they are up to hype. They are probably some of the best notebooks I have ever used. School is starting in three days, I am semi looking forward to it. I want to rebuild my reading and writing habit again by then. I also need to sent the councilor that email by tomorrow so I can get my schedule fixed. I got a lot of things to do, but first I want to clean my room, in turn cleaning my mind. I have found another audiobook for COI so I will be keeping up with that as I am doing the rest. Now that I have my schedule, I might have that thing in my daily notes for what happened in school. Then again I think I am overestimating the writing I will do. I need to rebuild all of my fallen empire first. I do really like this theme, it is what I wish I could make without relaying on AI. I have dnd the day after tomorrow so I will need to do that when I feel like it. I just do not want to do that right now. 