#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-27]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[John Locke]]
> - [x] Add Missing Note [[Limit]]
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]
> - [ ] Debate Drill 

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Your God is too small. 
> — Giordano Bruno

## Classes 

### US History 
We had a sub today, so we just looked at several figures like [[John Locke]] and [[Voltaire]].
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We did 1.6, it was about [[Limit]]s.
### Advisory
I read. 
### Astronomy 
We watched an episode of a series by Neil DeGrasse Tyson. 

<hr>

# 2025-08-28

I organized a bit today, and went to get my watches fixed. I would like to get more writing in one of these days, especially because I have a session coming up, but that is a tomorrow problem. I also have a Hapc test tomorrow, I will be doing more studying for that in class. I got a new folder, it is an accordion folder so it is much easier to store things it. I organized my tags a bit more, and added the reports base so I can see all of my book reports. I need to finish my book by Tuesday, that is not a hard task, but one that will take a lot of time. That time is what I do not know if I have because my parents are planning to do things over the long weekend. In that time I have to finish my book, aff, and session planning. I feel like I will be having a few sleepless nights. Now I can work on a few of those goals today, but I am not going to. Why? Because I don't want to. After I have taken that attitude a lot of stresses have gone away. Of course I still need to know how to do things at what times, but aside from that, it is pretty great. 