#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2026-01-07]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Note Different Notebook 
>- [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Lift your skinny fists like antennas to heaven
> — Godspeed You! Black Emperor 

## Classes 

### US History 
Learned about the start of [[WWII]]
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
Learned more about [[Basic Trigonometric Identities]]
### Advisory
I Started putting in my [[Senior Year Classes]], finished my math homework, looked at an atlas, and worked on writing about rivers. 

<hr>

# 2026-01-08

I thought of a name for the gods story, Countless Shades Under the Lily Tree. I think it has a lot of symbolism, but I am afraid of it being too melodramatic, and a bit too long of a title. But I always liked long titles, like the quote of today, I need to finish listening to that album, it is very good. I wrote a lot on paper today, but I did not finish all of my homework, debate took too long to do, but that is okay, I can just finish it tomorrow as I know that several of my classes I will be doing nothing in. I like having a free spot like this in my schedule. It is very nice. I am even thinking of doing regular US Politics next year so that I can have that free slot in my schedule. The library is such a nice place to work, I hope I do not contaminate it by going on my phone. I think I really learned how to spread today, it is very nice to do so, but it puts a lot of stress on my voice, but that is what spreading is, so I think I understand it now. 