#Worldbuilding/Consept

The labyrinth exists underneath the world, people call it the backstage or thing that keeps the above world running, once you travel deep enough in a cave you start to see ancient carved dark blue stone, though no one can identify what the stone is. The carvings seem to reflect that of small upside down people doing down/up into a land of large people that look at them in a distance. Once you find or make an entrance the entire world flips, instead of going down to reach it, you must go down to escape it. The entire place is nonsensical with no layers or anything of organization. The rooms are also weird, one made of meat next to one that hosts hundreds of monsters. It also bends space; a gate from the frozen empire can have another exit that leads to the center kingdom right next to each other even though they are a weeks journey apart. Some of these have become traders paths, and explorers are sent in to find these exits. Whole nations have risen and fallen with these paths found. Some nations mainly rely on this, like the city the player start from. A city of sin located in the desert with no natural water in sight, it relies on magic for weather creation and farming, and the hundreds of trade routes that lead every which way that are located in the pit in the center of the city, Babel. It is said in one of these paths it leads to the other side of the world, like the other side of a coin, it has endless riches and giant people as said in the patterns on the walls, with the many wars happening on the surface there is now a frantic search for the world under ours, Agartha. So you are players, are you willing to climb down **The Pit of Babel**.