#Worldbuilding/Consept 

Caelum is a world stuck in times of the medieval. Most of its nations are too self centered to have large trade with others, so people have found there niches and stuck to them. The nation of snow has to deal with the horrid climate and horrors of the winter, it can barely far but their technology is several times better than anyone else (steampunk) due to them being adaptable and survivors, the tonnes of precious minerals also helped. The nation of rain focused on fishing on there fjords, they are very religious people that are the least progressed but their people are the strongest being carved by the mountains and drops. The nation of sun made up for their lack of water with an over abundance in magic, they are said to be able to carve out the skies and squeeze out the rain from what clouds they get, the people prioritize knowledge above all else. The nation of fog is clouded in mystery(pun intended) they are some of the only people that are able to constantly farm and they take full advantage of it, trading their foods for exorbitant prices, they say that the reason they are so hidden is that they do not want people to get jealous. Relations have always been harsh between the nations, rains hated the sun for the land they have, sun hated fog for their mystery, and snow hated rain for taking their princess away from them. This was the state of normal for a while UNTIL the climates started moving, no one knows why but it must be stopped or everyone will be displaced, the latest record of this happening was 5 thousand years ago. The players have been assigned by the leader of their nation to figure out what is happening, your party isnt well known but the king is drawn straws at this point. 

The ANSWER the bbeg is a cult leader that thinks the nations should work together and took it into her own hands to make this happen by messing with Checkoff’s gun, the players must go to the 4 nations and do some cool things to assemble the MCGUFFAN and fight the cult leader to reverse the affects of the gun, but actually it dissipated all the weathers, now the players and the used to be bbeg must work together to find a socioeconomical balance in the world.