#DND/Session/Ors/Arouran

### Players:
[[Idor]]
[[Alex]]
[[Bon]]


### Date in Session: 4-1-1432
Located: [[Dvalinn]]
## Current Quests: 

### Current Threads:

#### Spoilers:
The quests are actually organized by the military([[Thrainn Dval]]) to see if the people chosen can accomplish the mission.
### Extra Session Details
Revenant 

# Summary

They start off at their mercenary guild, the one that used to be led by [[Adamzka]] 

The guild master gives them options for several quests:

- Investigate and shutdown the hidden plans of the Frostford Abaddon temple.
- Find the missing items of the [[Kyling]] embracery and other people in that area. 
- Identify and stop the government leaks coming from the low market.
- Figure out and stop the sale of Shade (less clues so do this last he says.)

The guild master believes that all of these are somehow related
###### "Call it a senior's hunch"
==It is actually because it is a test==

### Temple
The master tells them that he does not trust those people, if they love [[Abaddon]] so much they can go live with him in the [[Sandstorm]]. They seem to be going something behind the screens which the assigner thinks is weird. 

On their way there they see people being burned at the stake for being non believers that tried to say the world was not the center of the universe. They also see people in pillory for asking for peace between the 2 nations. 

Everything seems normal in the temple, aside from all of them wearing silver rings [[Shrouding Ring]]. But they do not know what that is, and it being abnormally warm. 

It seems a lot of the believers are sick.

If they wait till night, they can see someone say something into a group of people's rings as they all are holding magical amulets.
A door opens and closes by itself. 

If they are able to trace them, it leads to them splitting up into different houses making someone breath in fumes coming from the amulet. It is harder to find by they are also taking something from their breath.

They do this to get more people coming to the Church says one of the guys if the catch him.

==They are actually collecting remnant spirituality for the shade. They are making the shade here.==
### Kyling
Going to the embassy they feel that someone is watching them in the castle.

The embracery tells them that he brought the bonded object of his parents here and they are gone. 
He says he is not willing to make any talks with the higher ups until this is fixed. 
Going to other people around the area reveals that they are going in a circle, stealing from 1 house a week. The next steal should be tonight ==as planned==. 
They see a window open by itself, stopping them leads to a fight, use regular bandits. One of them in wearing Orsian insignia.

Turning him in leads to his death.

### Low Market

On their way they see people start smoking [[Shade]] and someone offers them a bit.
At the low market they are trading a lot of things that are normally not for sale as the church made them illegal. This includes slaves orcs and goblins. 

Asking(threatening) sellers for where the leak comes from will reveal that there are whisper markets in the concrete park. 
 "By current's grace at lantern's dim/ I seek the place where whispers swim./ Bless me Silver let me through/ to trade in secrets old and true"
 It just so happens to be today.

Going there will show them a magical market with shops(use the magic items list to see what they have)

One of the shop sheller are advertising a groupscroll sale. Elderberry 7 8 9 are going on sale due to the elderberry 13s release.
7 takes a turn to send, no pictures 10 each
8 takes a turn to send, yes pictures 20 each
9 is instant with pictures and audio 40 each

They can do a task for him to lower the price, -10 to all of them.
They have to deliver some items in bags of holding to specific people. 

MAKE THIS RELATE TO THEIR Backstory

They see a task board in the center of the area that asks for information about how well shade is developing and needing information about the military. It says to report by the temple.

### Shade

Following the trails to the alley by the temple, they will see a person in a cloak asking them if they have information. They will get no information out of him and combat starts if they get aggressive.
Regular Bandit stat block.
They see as he runs into the temple as 4 others come out trying to fight. 
In the end they reveal that they are just getting the government back for what they did in [[Torg]]. 

In the end they come back to the guild to get their reward and are called into the castle, where Thrainn Dval reveals that all of this was planned by him to get people for the quest. 
###### "did you think it was a coincidence that the whisper market and the bandit stolen items were the same day you were there?"
He knew they were in the city though did not know who they were. 
He seems sad looking at them. 