#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-09-04]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [ ] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> When the waiter asks you if you want some sugar say no to remind yourself that the grind is bitter.
> — Random Tiktoker

## Classes 
### AP English Language Arts 
We did more [[AP Lang Test]] studying with looking at the [[Rhetorical Analysis]] of essays. He gave us some 
### US History 
We did an activity of looking at the Congressional congress with the [[US Constitution]], under the Articles of Confederation
### Spanish 2 
Did LF3 about explaining how you feel.
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We did 1.9&10 about vertical [[Asymptote]]s of [[Rational Function]]s.
### AP Physics 1 
We had test retakes, I did not do it, instead did the mastery which is due in a week. 
### Astronomy 
We had a test with confusing questions, I did not do that good in it but that is perfectly fine, I can do better later. 
### Advanced Debate 
We focused on working out our [[Affirmative|aff]]s, lowkey annoying finding all of the things. 


<hr>

# 2025-09-05

I am finally back to writing these. I took a few days off as I lost the habit, but I am picking it up again. I have a few things to write, but as always, none of that is today. I have so much homework now, like an actually reasonable amount unlike all of my other years of schooling when I had little to none. I see why people complain about it, as I am complaining about it now. The difference is that I am complaining in my journal instead of to other people. I think it is nice that I get to have all of my thoughts in here instead of out in public, while yes this is public, there is no private information on this so that is good. I think if I start publishing my book I will have to start privating this as a precaution. The debate season is about to pick up, and that means a lot more on our plate, like there is not enough already, I think I should do more research on how to research. The methods I have been using so far have worked, but they are neither the best or quickest way to do so.  