#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-09-29]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [x] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Confidence and fear, both require believing in something that has not happened yet, so at a certain point, you have to decide whether you are going to be confident or afraid. 
> — Berto, Tiktok

## Classes 

### US History 
We learned about 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
We reviewed data regressions. 
### Advisory
Lost my water bottle here. 
### Astronomy 
We finished the presentations. 

<hr>

# 2025-09-30

I am doing this a bit later than I normally would, but that is fine. It only happened because I needed to take a poop. I feel like there is stuff I should do but I just don't to do it. Luckily these are not things that are too important, but never the less I still want to make them work. The more I use Linux, the more I see the things Windows made easier for me. I also see the customization I did not have. I have everything I want in here and it just works after I figure out how to do it. There is no arbitrary requirement like a full screen game has to be on the main monitor or anything like that, it is just clean and simple. The only "problem" I am facing is that of data management. I feel like one of these days I will open my laptop to see that all of my data was being used for something stupid and it will take months to figure out and fix. Aside from that, everything else is great. I just need to figure out how to use Microsoft apps like Onenote to transfer my notes. 