#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2026-01-06]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Note 
>- [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Read 
> - [x] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> All our our hopes have to start somewhere.
> — Mushi-shi

## Classes 

### Forensics 
learning different events 
### Spanish 2 
Celebrations recap 
### AST
Did some math homework 
### AP Physics 1 
Learned about [[Conservation of Momentum]]. 
### AP English Language Arts 
Recapped [[Rhetorical Analysis]]

<hr>

# 2026-01-07

I finished Mushi-shi, it is one of the greatest animes I have watched. I think there are so many things I can learn from it, and now I want to watch it again. There is not as much as I thought there was I had to do today. I think I will get my map done little by little, it is like I am adding one new map a day, and it is very fun. It is like a little mini-adventure that I have to do everyday. It is also making me better at map making. I realized I am behind on things in this notebook, but I lowkey do not care that much as I can write those back in at any time. I think having physics concepts in here is great, I see less of a use for math, but having that might also be good, but I can add those whenever I actually use them again. I think a better system will be to just write down everything I learn in a given class period, but I am a bit too lazy to make that system right now and that seems like too much work. I also realized that I have around three hours of free time at the end of my day because I have a free 6th period. This will most likely go into writing in my notebook, or finishing up homework that I may not have had time to do. 