#Writing/Mini-Essay 

> [!Quote]  
> Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously near to wanting nothing.
> — Sylvia Plath

In the past we had to fight tooth and nail just to stay alive, and get food. Hunt, kill, procreate, care, love, teach, bestow, and die. Yet in modern day, we are able to do all of those things and still have time to spare, we are coming dangerously close to learn what is truly nothing. Maybe when we do, we will not be able to go back. 

For my entire life, I have been avoiding nothing by drowning myself in content. It is not just me in the modern world as it seems that our brains do not like the concept either. Millions of people around the world are glued to what feeds them this information, we do not even retain it, but it makes us feel good about not feeling nothing. Yet with all of this, we have invented nothing, back in ancient times, we introduced zero into our number system, contemplating what it means, and then going beyond it into the negatives. Now here we are gazing into the infinite, because the void is much scarier. We do everything in our power to escape nothing, yet that is what we will be reduced to in the end. Nothing can escape death, and it is the only thing that can. We spend our entire lives running away from it, even though we know we never can, [[Humans are Contradictory|humans are truly contradictory]]. We do not even know what it is we are running from as it cannot be perceived, yet we know, or at least we think it is bad, so we run. We run into our books, our phones, our writings, and we hide. Hide in our accomplishments and the fact our name will be passed on, hoping that even after our bodies are gone, our deeds will live on. Yet they will fall prey too. We are [[Ex Nihilo]] at heart, everything is, yet nothing is, as [[Nothing Comes from Something]]. But there are some that feel the nothing, they give in, we honor them all. The philosophers that describe the things that they cannot see we praise, and the victims to themselves, we mourn. The more society progresses, the harder it is to flee from it, yet too the easier it gets as life expectancy increases, things become faster to do. You have more time to do what you want. More time to be haunted by nothing. Nothing is a curse that drags us to progress, it plays with its food, hoping that we will succeed, nothing it a gift if you know how to use it. Once you learn to be near nothing, stop hiding from it, it starts to help you. 

Nothing is the empty page waiting to be filled. It is the guide to your dreams over the river of [[Doubt]]. 