#Writing/Mini-Essay 

Do you think [[Joan of Arc]] regretted her decisions in her life? As she was burning on that stake, did she have even a passing thought about how her life would be if she just conformed and bent down to social norms?

We value martyrs like messiahs, this is most likely influenced by [[Christianity]] and the story of [[Jesus of Nazareth]]. Yet these were not the claimed son of God, they were regular people. There is a story of [[Socrates]] fighting to his last breath, but was that truly the case in his mind, or was it an outward expression to calm his inner self? Taking from personal experience, whenever I was punished for doing something, even if I thought I was punished wrongly. I tried to understand why. I also had thoughts of just doing things differently. Regrets, every man has them, so why not our martyrs. It seems almost blasphemous to think [[Martin Luther King Jr]] would think against the policies he promoted, but why would that not be the case. Bleeding out on the floor of that balcony, did he not once imagine in his mind "what if I just stayed silent?" In a story, this would be the turning point of the character, when they see the conditions have made their morals waver, which almost contradictorily makes the morals stronger. We do not know if this is what happens in real life, because in real life, they die. There is a thought that pain and wavering can cause your will to solidify, we have seen that in real life too, but is there pain too great for even that? 

We turn people into figures, thus we forget that they were once people too. And people think. They make mistakes. They have regrets.