#Speech/5min 

Before I start this speech, I need to put out a disclaimer. DO NOT USE THIS ON OTHER PEOPLE. Yes, I will go through exactly what you need to do to start Pavlovian conditioning and how it can benefit you, but it is immoral if you use it on other people. It may not be illegal, but it is psychological manipulation and not good. With that being said, I’ll start with the history, then how it can be beneficial, and finally, how to actually train yourself. Ivan Pavlov was a Russian neurologist in the Turn of the 20th century, winning a Nobel prize in 1904. For figuring out Classical Conditioning, or Pavlovian Conditioning. He figured this out when he saw his dogs salivate when near food even though they were not trained to. He would then start ringing a bell every time he would put out food. After a few times, the dogs would start salivating just by hearing the sound of the bell. This, as we later learned, also works on humans, and is what I will be teaching you to do. But before that, lets see why you would even want to do this. Have you ever wanted to do something, but just not got to it? Or randomly locked in on something that did not need that much focus, like those multiplication quizzes in 3rd grade? Well this is what I thought, so I decided to condition myself into locking in whenever I wanted. Yes, it is as useful as it seems, but it comes with a catch, when used too much, the dog can catch on that there is no food and stop salivating. It is the same with us, so it is more like an ace up your sleeve than a tool, like a last ditch effort after you forgot to make a speech till the night before. Michaels, do not check the version history. But it's not just that, it can be used for dealing with stress and other emotions. I have heard of a story, though not confident it actually happened. It is realistic, of a girl clicking a pen every time she was happy to the point where whenever she felt sad she could click the pen and be a bit happier.Now how to actually train yourself. First you have to find a time where you feel that emotion or do that response. For me it was locking in, which was very hard to find, but I figured out 2 ways I encountered it. Overtime in Rocket League, and 3rd set of squats on leg day. Weird I know but it is different for everyone and you know yourself best. Now these uncontrolled stimuli cause these uncontrolled responses. It's time to control it. The second step is to find a stimulus that you want to activate, for me it was playing Stronger by Kanye because I almost always listen to music, it works out. Every leg day and overtime I would start playing Stronger, after doing it for a few weeks, I was able to get a controlled response and train myself to lock in when listening to the song.  Now for the problem in doing this, its uncontrollable. Whenever I hear Stronger, even the first second, I perk up trying to figure out where its coming from. This is NOT an invitation. So at the end let me leave you at this, now that you know how to train yourself to be better, use it wisely.
