2025-06-25
## Tags:
#Daily 

# 2025-06-25

I realized that I have not been using this vault as I wanted to, as well as giving myself an excuse for not writing in my journal as I forgot and now it is too dark to write. So instead I am doing this in here so I can refer back to it whenever I want. Knowing myself I will never put the stuff I wrote in my in person journal in here. Its fine though, because at least I started today. I will write everyday in here for 10 minutes, where that be before I "go to sleep" or during. So here I go.
I got me [[ACT]] score back, it was in fact not a 36, but instead it was a 28. From what I hear, it is not a bad score for the first time doing it. I was surprised to see that my lowest, a 25, was actually in science. Which I thought I was good at. I remember giving up on it as I was completely out of energy. I do not want that for next time. Yes there will be a next time as my school offers it for free. It is not a bad score. I can get into [[Wichita University]] with a scholarship with that score but I was hoping for better. I gave up on that circle magic system today as it was a bit too broad for me. I think I am going into another writers block and I don't like it. Hopefully this does not impact my writing for school and dnd. I have to see how this new format will work out. It feels both normal and weird to be typing instead of writing, but I think I like it. I have to actually start fleshing out my current dnd world. I started on my map for the book world. I want to finish it tomorrow. 