## Tags:
#Daily

__Yesterday's Note:__[[2025-06-25]]

# 2025-06-26

I got some good ideas for my magic system. Relating it to the health of a person's mind and spirit seems to be best. I have organized my desk more and I think it is becoming a lot easier to do things around here. I starting using one of my home made notebooks as a todo list and it is paying off for now. The problem is not if I can do it to start but if I can keep up with it in the long run. I almost stopped myself from writing today. I have this feeling in the back of my head telling me to not do some things, even things I want to do like fix the mistakes on my map. I do not know why it is there, but it will not go away. I think that it is actually me. I think that I am holding myself back to stop myself from getting hurt by knowing my weakness. This developed because I have grown to think of myself as great. Yes it is good for my mental health to have confidence, but not to things in general. I want to have a humbling experience writing this [[Book of Knowledge]] because then I will know what I truly know and do not know about myself and everything around me. I watched a video about the different states of thinking, and believe it or not, it got me thinking. I would like to think at the point were I can observe everything around me in a non-objective view through the passage of time, as I do in Worldbuilding, and watch myself do that. Which I do sometimes, no I do not. I have gotten into the feeling that I do things when I don't it is truly just hurting me in the long run. I should just get up and do the things I want to do instead of saying I do them. Its that friction again, why do I not want to do things. Is it because my brain has been wasted by doom scrolling. I need to stop and think, deeply.