2025-06-18
#DND/Session/Ors/Orsian 
### Date in Session: 3-12~15-1432

## Players:
- [[Toadbog]]
- [[Michael Leech]]
- [[Curze]]
- [[Adamzka]]
- Barnes

Located: [[Torg]]
### Current Threads:

There is a gang of bandits that use [[Shrouding Ring]]s to transport, make, and distribute [[Shade]]. 
They also are stealing from the nobles. ==They are stealing [[Bonded Object]]s of the nobles==.
Need to pay their rent for this and next month

#### Spoilers:
Arouran forces are using chemical warfare to lessen the power of the Orsian army


### Session Events
Gained around 700 gold
[[Sofie Hler]] has the power of magic negation when looking at someone
There is a person within the bandits that has the powers of a ghost ==[[Alzec]]==


# Summary

Start with [[Freja]](Bow Commander) talking to them about it being a weird party. And calls them a good experiment group, being a special case in recruits. Starts them at E, then  gives them [[Pusher]]s and tells them what it is THERE ARE RISKS BECAUSE WE DON’T KNOW WHAT THEY DO, nothing is free in life

Landlord tells them this:

but need to earn money because their rent is 1000 gold per month.

Their military contract starts in 2 months, where then they can pay off their rent. Until they have to earn 2000 gold. Recommends using their high rank to get that money. She is willing to allow for them to not pay for those 2 months as long as they give her 2500 by the second month

On the way to the [[Orsian Spear Guild|guild]] they run into a man calling them to get some [[Shade]]

The adventure Guild is offering 3 quests for E ranks

1. Group of Bandits
2. Investigate Shade Production
3. Ghosts in a Manor of Noble

They see a C rank quest(its almost never there) about finding a better source of [[Humor]], and to get rid of its side affects

Bandits:

Receptionist says that its weird that they never mentioned anything about what was stolen.

She tells them to start at the High market, most houses in that area have been stolen from

They go to see of the 20 houses in the market area, 17 have been stolen from. Invest of 15 to see that they are going randomly, but in rings from the center, aside from 1 house(the Hler manor).

They have been stealing some money and the Bonded object of their ancestors(reason Hler was not stolen from)

After Shade, they only have 1 house they will go to. Players guard this place to see them coming in from the rooftops

Fight happens

Shade:

Receptionist says it was almost a D rank mission. And recommends that they start searching in East Borough

See several Orcs smoking it that tell them that they got it from the shady guy near an alley by the apartments

They meet the guy from before that  is not willing to share and tries to run away.

If he runs away, amen

When he gets caught he tries to give them all his shade for his life, if he shares, he will get killed. He gets them from an apothecary named Celton, though he does not know where his workshop is, he changes meeting locations every week, this week it is in an alley by Kors square tonight.

When they get there they see a man standing in an alley with a hood.

Following him in leads to his workshop as they see him cross out a name. Alzec(the dealer)

As they stalk him, the next day he wears a ring and says "dark as night, a silent shiver, hide me now, shroud me silver." he disappears from detection, only a 20 perception or 15 investigation can see clues like leaves brushing by him or creaking floors.

He goes to the graveyard where he digs up a grave and does something they cannot see

Their spirits say that they can hear and see a spirit getting pulled out.

He then makes his way back and says "Bright as day, an endless luster. Break the veil, a pewter cluster"

He goes through an intricate process to create a new batch of Shade.

If interrogated, he reveals that he learned out to make it from the BANDITS

They now have only one house to take from

Manor:

The receptionist says it was sent by the daughter of a noble and is most likely fake.

Near the High Market

Maid greets them and takes them through the very nicely decorated manor

 [[Sofie Hler]] is a young noble lady that says she hears laughing at night. No one, even the previously hired F rank guards could hear anything.

One time she when she used the restroom she saw a bloody man's face in the mirror.

Their house is one of the only ones that was not stolen from in the area

Only she and her maids lives in it now, she is losing money. And does not know how to earn it(SHOW THIS BY A LOT OF DUST IN UNUSED ROOMS AND OLD FURNITURE)

Her parents died in an invaded ship heading back from A trip North. (Invaded by Jotuns, but people think it was Arourans) Last trip on that way

She takes a lot of Humor

She stopped being able to control her spirit due to that

It is actually the bandits that are squatting in her attic. She could hear them because she is gainer her powers that is a counterspell. Nullified the magic item they use to hide their presence.

The bloody man is her spirit after taking in the Humor

After they are found out, they start fighting in the SMALL AREA, as some escape.

The players notice that there is not any bonded objects there.