#DND/Session/Ors/Orsian 

### Players:
- [[Toadbog]]
- [[Michael Leech]]
- [[Curze]]
- [[Adamzka]]
- [[Bobby]]
### Date in Session: 3-15~30-1432

Located: [[Torg]]

### Current Threads:

There is a gang of bandits that use [[Shrouding Ring]]s to transport, make, and distribute [[Shade]]. 
They also are stealing from the nobles. ==They are stealing [[Bonded Object]]s of the nobles==.
Need to pay their rent for this and next month


#### Spoilers:

Arourans are using chemical warfare to weaken the Orsian army

### Extra Session Details

Hler manages rent in Torg
# Summary

Start in the [[Orsian Spear Guild|guild]] where they find these quests:

__THEY HEARD [[Alzec]] FROM LAST SESSION SAY: "Haunt Eidolon"__

here are the quests on the board:

the C rank quest for [[Humor]] is still there

Investigate the weird sounds in Riverside Park every monday 200g 

Several missions that ask for protection to the start of season ball
- this was the case because of one noble getting assassinated last time. 
The best of these is 200g from [[Sofie Hler]]

Find the remaining bandits(alive) 20 each

D-rank! shut down the shade 200 g, extra 200 if they find the noble backing 

Find out the reason for the explosions near the East Borough apartments. (assigned by [[Kelin]], the Arouran that is the head of the organization)

RECEP TELLS THEM TO MAKE A DAMN PLAN

As they go to the building near the apartments that is the bandit hideout, they see people now sneakily smoking [[Shade]] and no one is handing it out in the streets. 

Asking people about it tells them that shade is hard to come by, all of their dealers are laying low for a bit, they got some guys that are trying to make their own

they also hear people talking about how the only clinic in East Borough is gone, now they have to travel all the way to apothecary row to get some treatment, and its very expensive

Reaching there they see that there are a few people on lookout, this is because a lot of their [[Shrouding Ring]]s are gone.

they just look to be looking out the windows but after an investigation it it very much obvious that they are a lookout

it is a 2 story building in a L shape with an attic(where Toadbog landed last time)

Having a stake out shows that there are 2 groups of 3 that switch for lookout every hour in high noon and another 2 groups are out for look out in the late night post brothel crowd.
there are people wearing the rings in there that are no where to be seen unless they are transitioning. 

The boss is no where to be seen

if they stake out for more than 1 night, they see that the window is opened by 1 of them every other day 

If they break in there are a lot of old bonded objects in the attic with 12 bandits and 1 boss Alzec.

When they go back to the adventurers guild the receptionist says there is a noble that wants to meet them. The noble that assigned the explosions mission. When they get there he is wearing a mask and hood that covers his face, he apologizes and in the end he says to Michael "I am sorry to see what happened to your clinic"
He recognized Michael


Going to Riverside park they see a lot of people approaching it too but when they get there they see no one. 
They can roll to see if they hear something. they hear someone ask what the chant is again and an annoyed person say: "By current's grace at lantern's dim/ I seek the place where whispers swim./ Bless me Silver let me through/ to trade in secrets old and true

REMEMBER DO NOT TAKE QUESTS FROM OTHER PEOPLE AND DO NOT MENTION THIS PLACE TO ANYONE ELSE"

Use the magic item directory for prices of all the magic items on sale, its a lot of them 

They see several missions on a mission board, the ones that stand out are the ones that were on the guild board too. and an extra, to kill Noble [[Semos Varks]] and kidnap the people that are Investigating the Shade trade, one of them being the old clinic doctor.
Both of these are written with the same handwriting, bad handwriting

they see as someone takes the Varks mission

The people disperse by sunrise.

Hler welcomes them again as she explains to them that it is the start of the political season and she is looking to get a noble husband, it is hard living alone as she cannot earn too much money. 
She also says that Varks may come here and he is the best choice
says he is exotic and from down in [[Gobo]]

They get there and is very fancy, Michael notices [[Freja]] and another person [[Kelin]] who with him to make the [[Pusher]]s

Adamzka notices some of his coworkers in the  mercinary guild

Curze notices some of the disguises that the scythe uses to infiltrate the inner noble circles, there are a lot more than usual

Bobby finds the casino owner 

Toadbog notices one of the people from his tribe as a guard, he remembers that he ran away from the dragon.

Something with barnes after I get his story

There is a group of people around Varks
They see that he has his power is active as he is talking to the mayor of torg about owning land to create a new wool factory. 

After dances as they exchange info, they learn that Kelin has a bounty out for Varks through Curze's thieves cant

And through some way they learn that Kelin is from Aurora 

Figure it out from there

