#DND/Session/Ors/Orsian 

### Players:
- [[Toadbog]]
- [[Michael Leech]]
- [[Curze]]
- [[Adamzka]]
- [[Bobby]]
### Date in Session: 4-1~3-1432
Located: Nain
## Current Quests: 

Kill [[Thrainn Dval]], Along the way make strong users join the army.

### Current Threads:
N/A starts now
#### Spoilers:

### Extra Session Details

Got an npc called [[Derick]]

# Summary

They start off talking to [[Freja]]. She tells them their long-term quest:
1. Kill [[Thrainn Dval]] who is located in [[Dvalinn]]
	1.  Go to [[Hoste]] to get on a ship to get to Dvalinn.
	2. On the way to Hoste, find and recruit any strong user you come by, This does NOT mean keep them in in Adamzka's ability. (She gives them a few cards of return which allow for people to get teleported directly to [[Torg]] if they agree to it.)
2. Then find the location of their strongest people, and kill them on your way back to Torg, on land.
3. Await further instructions

She tells them that they have narrowed down the area where the [[Shade]] comes from as well as it being an area where scythe found that the [[Pusher]] leak happened. 

###### "Be careful and have a plan, they have pushers and they most likely are not afraid to use them."

RETCON THE OLD ADV ORDER 
She then gives them the special(S) rank with a gold spear pin. 
She also says on the way to [[Erna]] there is a forest and a small town where there is a child, around 18, that she has heard rumors about and that he has a really strong power. 

The organization has grown like a virus, some of the spies in Aroura say that they are there too, but it is newer at it seems the rings they wear have stripes on them, though people do not know what they mean. If you can't kill it, make it work for you. It is most likely not the main leader in the town but they must be very high up as most of the reports come from the abandoned castle.

She also wants [[Semos Varks]] to join them as a part of the army and a noble backing, though he is, she uses her power =="Peer Heimdall"== to see that he is around a day ahead of them. 
While she does this they see that she has spirit chains on them and strings on the people around her, she seems to be pulling on a string to look at Varks.

Before they leave, she tells Michael that it may be the last time they see each other as she is most likely to be a Thrainn-like target for Aroura, and to write letters to her. 

It is a 2 day journey to Nain.

On their way to Nain, Day 1:

They see believers of [[Boreal]] on their way to Aroura as they are getting discriminated against. They have children with them as they ask for food. They only have 2 gold and 5 silver on them.

They see a trader caravan on their way going to Torg, she, [[Vextra the Trader]], an explorer that you remember hearing tavern tales about, asks of they want to buy anything, a discount on a few things she does not want to carry with her. 

A gem of single cast revivify which a person can use to cast revivify 1 time. 250 each, has 3

5 potions of healing (2d4) for 30 each

1 spell scroll(one time use) for any spell up to 5th level, aside from revivify, for cantrip 10, 1-50, 2-100, 3-150, 4-200, 5-250

She has spiritual power coming from her, though they cannot identify what power it is.
==She can teleport anything she wants near her, has to include herself, anywhere she has been.==

If they do not steal from her and do not try to haggle, she will give them a slip of paper that they can look at to see where she is at that time. 

As they are sleeping they hear a fox nearby. They can fight it to stop it from taking their food. 

Day 2:

They meet an old man walking with the symbol of [[Abaddon]] on his chest and no left arm going the same direction as him. He asks them where they are going, then asks if he can get on till Nain?
If they say no, he will ask if they can spare him some food, he gave his to a group of Boreal believers going back to Aroura.

If they let him on the carriage, he talks to them about being a man who went on a pilgrimage starting at the city of valor and going North, now he is wrapping back around. He was sadly there when the war started, he saw the powers of [[Alaban Aroura]] who could shape and move the battle field to whatever he wanted. But that was not the scariest part. He also talks about [[Oriin Hoste]] who caused an entire legion to have their heads fall off. He is truly a strong king. He has seen the people inside of the [[Sandstorm]]. They call themselves the [[Jotuns]], scary people, he heard that it was actually them that caused the boat crash and it was blamed on the Arourans. If they ask what was so scary, he says that he saw one of them put up his hand and steal his age, he used to be 50, he turned 15, looking at the man, he saw an angel looking at 2 naked people, he went searching for it for the next 2 years and found that is a tarot card, the card of Lovers. 

By night they get to Nain, the old man leaves, if they ask him what his name is, he says that can call him the Hermit([[Fimbulle]]).

In the tavern, room for 5 costs a silver, drink costs a bronze. Information is with the drink a patron says if they do not get what the barkeeper is saying. 
There are mud people that come from the castle every other night, they go dig up bodies and do something with a weird smoky lantern to them. Tried to stop the mud people from digging them up but all of their punched go through them, they can put the dirt back on but they go till they have their job done. 

In the morning they see an middle aged lady talking to the barkeeper. She says its him, the barkeepers and her son that dug up the body the day before yesterday. He yells that their son is dead.
There are kids that are telling each other stories about the mud men saying that they will see their missing parents as mud people that will come and take them too
Other people say that they sometimes see the mud people carry the dead bodies over to the castle.
They did not see anything in the castle, just some of the rooms are really muddy.

The next night,
They notice the smell, it smells like rotting bodies, the cemetery is nearby. When they go to it they see that there is a person made of black sludge digging up a body and using that incense holder over the body to suck its spirit. It then runs over to the castle, much faster than a regular human.

When they go to the castle they see nothing, using the [[Shrouding Ring]], they see several people moving piles of shade. If they did not hide, start combat here with 20 bandit statblocks. If they were hiding, they will re-chant the invisibility chant and keep a look out.

When they come back, there will be a mud person of each of them, they all get 5 turns of their ability.
Figure it out from there. Remember to make the combat use teamwork and force them to learn their characters. 

It is [[Bardi]] with "Shape Reynard"
