#DND/Session/Ors/Orsian 

### Players:
- [[Toadbog]]
- [[Michael Leech]]
- [[Curze]]
- [[Adamzka]]
- [[Bobby]]
### Date in Session: 4-4~7-1432
Located: Erna 
## Current Quests: 

Kill [[Thrainn Dval]], Along the way make strong users join the army.

### Current Threads:

There is a strong user in the forest they are about to go in

[[Jotuns]] exist 

[[Semos Varks]] is a day's travel ahead of them. 

#### Spoilers:

### Extra Session Details


# Summary

Start at the end of the battle when they have the prizes of their conflict: [[Silent Veil]], [[Sparrow's Song]], and [[True Connection]]. 
The grandma is very confused. 

## From Tors to Erna 

There is a trader passing by who is from Erna, he asks where they are going, if they say [[Erna]], he tells them that there is a festival for the city's founding happening during when they are there. He is willing to trade them some potions, 5 Potions of Watchful Rest(free long rest), and 10 Potions of lesser Healing. 

Further on they start to hear music from up ahead. There are war drums beating. It seems to be a military march with an accompanying song. They were young for this, but they remember that it was the national anthem of the nation of Jakt. This used to be the border of their land and it seems the military march, made up of only 10 people are trying to stirrup some trouble. Asking for outdated ids and so on. Some of the soldiers seem ashamed to be doing this. They will let them go after a bit more blabbering, or in combat the old fat commander will try to summon a spirit which will not work. They will try to convincing them that they will get a lot of money if they join them after they beat him. He says a singular government is bad and they should be like the arms of [[Abaddon]]. 

They will have to take a rest half way in between the city, at this time they will hear sounds coming from the forest to see there is a man chasing an injured wolf with blood on his mouth. When he seems them, he will try to run away. He is a person that was corrupted by the [[Bleeding Stake]] and got turned into a semi vampire. He tells them that he can only drink blood now and does not want to hurt people, but is being turned into what he eats, slowly he is becoming an animal, it was a person that came up from behind in the shadows so he could not see their face, but it felt like they stabbed him in the back with something and drank his blood. 

## In Erna 


The entire town is in a celebratory mood, the festival is in 2 days and there are cultural celebrations leading to it. It is a very large town, almost as big as the big cities. [[Freja]] tells them that he is still here, though she cannot find his exact position, it seems he has some sort of [[Artifact]] that hinders observation. This is the [[Fool's Mask]] which lets him change faces in exchange for not being able to hold one self. 

Here is the plan of [[Semos Varks]], he is a part of [[Abaddon's Armor]], who is trying to fracture the government of Ors to have an easier time taking them down from the inside. To do this, they are playing into the naivety of the new king of Jakt, Semos is here to convince [[Torg]] and [[Erna]] to consider, one of them gets back its old power, and Erna should ally itself with one of them. 

If they go into a bigger tavern, they will tell them about how Semos is such a great person but they thought he left, he helped them do a lot of things, he gave a lot of money to the tramps which let them get back onto his feet, just to talk to the Mayor, he may have talked to him and left. They say the guys should join them for the fest happening this evening. 

If they go to lower end taverns, they say they have seen a rich guy leaving and heard about him, but not that much. One of them will ask if they are adventurers and ask them to cure his sister, she is also controlled and wants blood, he has been feeding her blood of goats, then dogs after they ran out, now she is going crazy. He says it has been happening to a few people in this area. 

During the fest they will here the disembodied voice of Semos asking why they are here, he will tell them that he will not join their cause, but they should instead join his. They know that these kinds of artifacts can only work in a 10 meter radius, they can search, but they will not be able to find him (hint that he can transform into another person)

The guards will not let them into the mayor's office, they will have to sneak in, when they do, he will be thinking about which side to join. He will not even consider the chance to not join a side, he makes up bad reasons. [[Toadbog]] is able to find that this is a sort of charm. 

One night if they are in an alley, the "Vampire will try to attack them" It will have the power to swap locations with another person or thing. He has accomplices, 5 others, one of them has the ability to anger people to only attack him. The vampire is a person they recognize in the square from before, though when they try out the [[Bleeding Stake]] they realize they cannot stand in the Sun, which the other was doing. 

## Whenever after they find [[Semos Varks]]

He will first offer to give them 100g to let him go, if it succeeds, he will go away as they count.


He will jump out of a window and yell a name, [[Gimhle]], and hold onto a thread and swing. 

The chase is through the city, 

There seems to be a puppet he is holding that is speaking, it lets people cast through it. Gimhle, the idiom guy is casting through it. To make them stop chasing, he can do a few things:

- On cloud nine - sends them 100 feet up
- Bite the bullet - if they try to shoot him
- in hot water - throws burning water on them 
- penny for your thoughts - pays them a copper to read their mind 
- Break a leg 
- Bite your tongue 
- Spill the beans - tidal wave of beans 
- Spill the Tea 
- Hold your horse 
- Hit the sack 
- bull in a china shop 


		
Warning of a weird guy in Grid 