#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-09-28]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [ ] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Pain Deepens Devotion
> — C.S. Lewis

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
He did [[Rhetorical Analysis]] writings and graded them. 
### Spanish 2 
More vocab.
### AST
Did some debate stuff. 
### AP Physics 1 
We learned about [[Dynamics]], [[Force]]s, and [[Center of Mass]]. 
### Advanced Debate 
Made my aff [[Soft Left]].

<hr>

# 2025-09-29

Ok so I am doing better. I still have not regained windows, but I honestly do not care. The only reason I would need it is for video games, which I will not really be doing. As long as I am able to get tm nations forever to run, I will be set for a bit. I worked on my aff and the speech I needed to do, which is good. I think I will get a lot more done tomorrow. I have a few housekeeping things to do on my laptop, which comes with its perks, so I am not too scared for that. I got that wallpaper and now it blends into my notes wallpaper. I think in the next few days I will get back into the notes grind. I honestly fell off for a bit, but I should be coming back better than ever, after I start updating things. Though I will probably not be doing too much and just stick with what I have. There are so many convenient features in this OS that I can handle not having the ability to stack windows on top of one another. I think my next big customization step is to figure out what to do with the taskbar. It is alright but it feels a bit too bare bones. I would like some customization on it. 