#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-09-27]]

> [!habits] 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [ ] Add New Resource 
> - [ ] Add Missing Note 
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story) 
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge 
> - [ ] Read 
> - [ ] Debate Drill

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> Green fn
> — Who knows

## Classes 
No classes today

<hr>

# 2025-09-28

I want to see if I will be able to keep writing these if I actually start if I do this during the day instead of at night. Today I started using Linux. I finally did it. Today was honestly painful, but I believe (hope) that is will lead to better things in the future. I barely worked on my aff which needs to be done today, I also have to write a speech. Aside from that I do not have that much to do. I say that knowing the two things I just listed will take so, so long to do. I got further into Lord of the Mysteries and wiped my hard drive. Yup, while setting up Linux, I accidentally wiped my everything in the windows drive. I think that means after I set up windows, it will have the activate windows icon, which I really do not have to worry about because I will most likely only be using it to play video games. Aside from that, I think Linux is great, it is going to be a learning curve, but I think I will have a much better control over my laptop after this. It also looks better. I just need a good wallpaper and I should be good. I think I will continue to build this up and get everything I want on here, and now that I think about it, even for video games, I really don't even need to dual boot windows as I can just use a vm. But that seems like lot more work I do not want to do. What I do want is to make a night mode thing. 