#Writing/Mini-Essay #Story  

The wind brushed the remnants of autumn against my jacket. The lockdown ended yesterday, so I went out on a walk to celebrate my liberation while I had a podcast about philosophy coming from my new phone and earbuds. The podcast was a few hours long, and I had a lot of time on my hands; high school had not started yet, so I decided to walk till it finished. A problem arose when I realized I didn’t have a clue where I stood; two years was a long time not to go outside. My stubborn self decided not to use a map and walk until I found a landmark I knew. Surprisingly, it worked; I found a creek I knew and walked home from there. Though an ordinary experience to anyone else, it made me realize the passage of time for the first significant time in my life. 
In the summer of fifth grade, my friends and I decided to leave the “Zone of Peace,” as we called it. Our parents told us not to go outside of this area for our safety or something, but that didn’t matter then, of course. We were fifth graders, might as well have been adults, and we realized that they would not have noticed if we were able to come back before curfew. So we, very sneakily, left the “Zone of Peace” while laughing so loud that the whole neighborhood could hear it. Now, why did we want to leave? It was at least the size of our school playground, much more space than two kids needed. Well, it was because of the creek. That stream was the object of my longing. So what did two kids who barely knew how to swim do when they got to the creek? Surprisingly, we did not swim, either because it was too shallow or because we had some semblance of reasoning. We instead talked about the same things as before, just this time, in the limelight of our devious deed. Sadly, this would have been the last time I saw my friend, for the combination of his moving and COVID starting. 
Now, on my walk home, I had found that creek again, seeing I had around twenty minutes left in my podcast, I decided to go back to my source of envy. The babbling brook looked the same from back then; it percolated past rocks and weeds while it shone in a bouquet of iridescent lusters. I thought of myself as the same too, just a foot taller and now knowing more words to describe it, but then the podcast said a quote that changed my perspective on everything: “No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it’s not the same river and he’s not the same man.” 
As I looked at my shadow, I realized for the first time, that the me in fifth grade was not the same me as then. Though we sat in the same spot, the only thing that would prove that we were the same was our memories. This freaked me out. I had to pause my podcast as I pondered it more. Just the passage of time had made me so different that I dreaded what would come in the future. In four years, since that day with my friend, I had gone through countless experiences of pure joy, pure pain, pure fear, pure exhilaration, and that led me to sitting there. I could not figure out what had stayed the same as back then, my house? No, we changed the layout. My interests? No, I used to play with toys, now I go on walks. Everything I had from back then had changed, maybe slightly, like the shifting of mud in the creek, but it changed nonetheless. I fell into a deep well of these thoughts. I could not remember things from back then. Does that mean that in the future, I would lose my old self?  I was gasping for air, drowning in the creek of self-recognition. Until I found the one thing that stayed the same, paradoxically, the fact that everything would change was the thing that stayed still in the River Styx of Time. From that fact, I got pulled out of those waves and came to a realization. Though I and everything around me will change, as long as I know myself and that everything would change, I could swim through it. 
